Name:Yakisoba	Recipe:In a small bowl, mix together soy sauce, rice wine, and sugar, stirring to dissolve. Cook noodles in boiling water about 8 minutes, or until tender. Drain noodles and rinse under cold water. In a large deep skillet or wok, cook onion in oil for about 3 minutes. Add the cabbage, carrot and ginger and cook until cabbage is softened, about 3-5 minutes. Add the pork and cook for 2 minutes more. Cover the mixture with noodles and pour the sauce over all. Cover and cook for 3-5 minutes, the remove the lid and toss the mixture together until it is well combined. Place on a serving platter and garnish with chopped scallions, if desired.
Name:Tabbouli / Tabouli / Tabbouleh Salad (Parsley Salad)	Recipe:Add one cup of boiled water and one cup of bourghul (bulgur) in a small bowl and mix. Place a tea towel over the bowl so the steam is unable to escape.  Set aside until cool. Finely chop the parsley, spring onions and tomatoes and place them into your separate large salad bowl. Juice all the fresh lemons and pour it over the salad mixture. Add olive oil, black pepper and salt in the salad mixture.  Mix well. Place over the cool bourghul and mix well. Serve. Refrigerate any left overs for about 2-3 days.
Name:Chicken Stir-Fry	Recipe:Cut chicken into 1/2 inch strips; place in a resealable plastic bag. Add cornstarch and toss to coat. Combine soy sauce, ginger, and garlic powder; add to bag and shake well. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. In a large skillet or wok, heat 2 tablespoons oil; stirfry chicken until no longer pink, about 3-5 minutes. Remove and keep warm. Add remaining oil; stir fry broccoli, celery, carrots, and onion for 4-5 minutes or until crisp-tender. Add water and bouillon. Return chicken to pan. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly.
Name:Turkish Red Lentil Soup	Recipe:Place the red lentils in a colandar and rinse. Sift through to remove and debris or damaged beans. Place the washed and cleaned lentils into a medium pot with the stock, potatoes, onions and paprika. Bring the pot to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Loosely place a lid on the pot leaving slightly ajar as to allow some evaporation. Cook for 40-40  minutes until the lentils are tender. Add salt and pepper to taste. Place all but 1 cup of the soup into a blender or food processor and blend briefly. Return blended soup to the pot with the reserved cup of soup. Heat through. Serve.
Name:Egg Drop Soup (Restaurant Style)	Recipe:Reserve 3/4 cup of chicken broth, and pour the rest into a large saucepan. Stir the salt, ginger and chives into the saucepan, and bring to a rolling boil. In a cup or small bowl, stir together the remaining broth and cornstarch until smooth. Set aside. In a small bowl, whisk the eggs and egg yolk together using a fork. Drizzle egg a little at a time from the fork into the boiling broth mixture. Egg should cook immediately. Once the eggs have been dropped, stir in the cornstarch mixture gradually until the soup is the desired consistency.
Name:Family Favorite Sesame Chicken	Recipe:Combine chicken ingredients except cornstarch and let marinate for at least 30 minutes in the fridge. Remove chicken from marinade and toss in cornstarch then cook chicken in hot oil on the stove top until cooked thru. Remove from pan and keep warm in oven while making the sauce. Combine all sauce ingredients EXCEPT cornstarch in a sauce pan and bring to a boil over med. heat. Mix cornstarch with a little water (about 1/4 cup) in a cup until disolved then slowly add to the sauce mixture on the stove and heat until thickened to you liking. Add chicken to sauce on the stove until heated thru. Remove and sprinkle with sesame seeds and green onions and finally enjoy!
Name:Thai Chicken Fried Rice with Basil - Kao Pad Krapao	Recipe:In a wok or large skillet, stir-fry garlic in oil until golden; then add chilies and chicken and stir-fry until chicken is cooked. Add rice, sugar, fish sauce, and soy sauce, and stir-fry, mixing gently. When well mixed, add shallots, basil leaves and cilantro; cook another minute or so, and serve. If you desire, serve with lime wedges, chile sauce, fish sauce, or soy sauce at the table.
Name:Curry Chicken with Coconut and Peanuts	Recipe:Cut chicken into cubes, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Slice onion in julienne, and mash garlic. In a large wok, (or dutch oven if necessary), heat oil to just below smoking. Add garlic and stirfry til golden, and quickly add onions, and stir. When the onions begin to soften, add chicken, and stir fry until cooked through and browned a bit--liquid from chicken should all be evaporated. Add wine and reduce a little, then add peanut butter, boullion, ginger, curry and cilantro. Stir to coat well, and until peanut butter has melted. Add water, and simmer about 15 minutes, or until flavors have blended well. Add coconut milk and heat to just below boiling, then add cornstarch slurry to thicken as desired. Serve over steamed rice, with chopped cilantro and peanuts to garnish. I like it a bit spicy, so I also add chopped chilies, or cayenne to the dish.
Name:Pot Stickers (Chinese Dumplings)	Recipe:Mix first 10 ingredients in a bowl. Take a wonton wrapper and place 1 heaping teaspoon of filling in center. Moisten edges with water, fold over and press to seal edges. Add 3 tablespoons of Peanut Oil to a large skillet and saute until the bottoms are golden brown. When golden brown, add 1/2 cup chicken broth, cover pan and simmer 8 minutes. Remove from pan. Reserve broth in a separate bowl and repeat process until all potstickers are cooked. Keep warm on a plate covered.
Name:Chicken Pineapple Stir- Fry	Recipe:Mix first 7 ingredients with reserved 1/4 cup pineapple juice in small bowl. In large skillet, stir-fry chicken in hot oil 5 minutes. Add vegetables, stir-fry 4 more minutes. Stir in pineapple and sauce, heat through. Serve over rice.
Name:Sticky Pork Chops	Recipe:Heat frying pan over medium heat. Cook meat for 2 minutes each side, or until meat is well browned. Remove meat, set aside - Keep warm - Add cooking wine, soy sauce, ginger, chili sauce/flakes and honey to the same pan without washing the pan. Cook for 3 minutes. Return the meat to pan and cook on each side for 1 minute. Simmer until the sauce thickens, and pork is cooked through. Serve with rice and greens.
Name:Spicy Shrimp In Coconut Milk	Recipe:Heat oil in lg skillet on med-hi heat. Add onions and stir cook for 3 minutes. Add garlic and ginger,cook 2 minutes. Add next 5 spices, cook 1 minute. Add tomatoes,cook 1 minute. Add coconut milk,water, and salt, and bring to a simmer. Simmer until thickened 5-10 minutes. Add shrimp, simmer, stirring for 5 minutes. Stir in cilantro. Serve with lime wedges.
Name:Benihana Japanese Fried Rice	Recipe:Cook rice following instructions on package (Bring 2 cups water to a boil, add rice and a dash of salt, reduce heat and simmer in covered saucepan for 20 minutes). Pour rice into a large bowl to let it cool in the refrigerator. Scramble the eggs in a small pan over medium heat. Separate the scrambled chunks of egg into small pea-size bits while cooking. When rice has cooled to near room temperature, add peas, grated carrot, scrambled egg and diced onion to the bowl. Carefully toss all of the ingredients together. Melt butter in a large frying pan over medium/high heat. When butter has completely melted, dump the bowl of rice and other ingredients into the pan and add soy sauce plus a dash of salt and pepper. Cook rice for 6-8 minutes over heat, stirring often.
Name:Filipino Adobo (Pork or Chicken) With Slow Cooker Variation	Recipe:Note: The original recipe just called for vinegar.  I use Apple Cider Vinegar - just use what you have.  Some reviewers have used rice vinegar and been pleased.  Rice vinegar seems to have a touch of sweetness.  Do what pleases you - experiment and have fun in the kitchen. Stove top instructions. Combine all of the ingredients in a large pot. (The women who shared the recipe with me put the spices into the pot freely.  Reviewer Felina suggested tying the spices into a cheesecloth to so that you get the flavor but don't bite into the peppercorns while you eat the dish - a stainless tea ball works too.  Do whichever please you). Allow everything sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes. Bring to a boil then reduce heat to low; simmer for 1 1/2 - 2 hours (leave lid slightly ajar). Remove lid and cook 10 minutes more. Serve with rice. Slow Cooker instructions. Combine all of the ingredients in a slow cooker.  (The women who shared the recipe with me put the spices into the pot freely.  Reviewer Felina suggested tying the spices into a cheesecloth to so that you get the flavor but don't bite into the peppercorns while you eat the dish - a stainless tea ball works too.  Do whichever please you). Allow meat to sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes. Cook on high for 3 hours or on low for 6 hours until pork or chicken is done (time depends on your slow cooker). Serve with rice. (Freezer instructions courtesy of Erindipity). To freeze:  Combine all ingredients in a ziptop bag.  Freeze. To serve: Thaw overnight in the refridgerator.  Allow to sit at room temperature for 15 minutes; cook as directed.
Name:Super Easy Naan Bread	Recipe:Combine warm water, sugar, and yeast in a bowl. Let stand for 5 minutes until foamy. Add salt and flour. Mix thoroughly. Knead dough on a floured workspace about 20 times and form into a tight ball. Put dough in a well oiled bowl and cover with a damp towel. Put in a warm place to rise for 30-45 minutes. Dough won't rise much, but it doesn't need to. Turn dough out onto a floured workspace. Divide dough into 8 pieces and roll out with a rolling pin to about 1/8" thick. Grill naan pieces on a grill or electric griddle. In a pinch, a frying pan sprayed with some nonstick cooking spray will work. Grill for 1-2 minutes on each side. This recipe yields a very soft, chewey naan. Just the way I like it!
Name:Soy Ginger Dipping Sauce (For Dumplings or Pot Stickers)	Recipe:Bring soy sauce, vinegar, sugar and 1/4 cup water to boil in small saucepan over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour mixture into bowl and stir in scallion, ginger, oil, and hot red pepper flakes (Sauce can be refrigerated in air-tight container for several days). Makes about one cup.
Name:Hot Feta Artichoke Dip	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°. Mix all ingredients together. Place mixture in a pie pan. Bake 20-25 minutes or until slightly browned. If you like top with tomatoes and green onions. Serve with pita bread, bagel toast, crackers or even tortilla chips.
Name:Best Vegetarian Pot Stickers	Recipe:In a wok or large saute pan, add a little oil and saute onions and ginger. Add the mushrooms and stir. Add the cabbage, carrots and chives. Season. When mixture is soft, place in colander to drain. Add the sesame oil and cilantro when mixture is cooled. Check for seasoning. Using the gyoza skins, make half moon dumplings keeping the bottom flat. In a hot non-stick pan, coat with oil and place dumplings. When bottom gets brown, add 1/4 cup of water and immediately cover. This will steam the dumplings. Carefully watch the dumplings and completely evaporate the water so that the bottom gets crispy again and sticks to the pot. Serve hot with soy sauce and vinegar for dipping.
Name:Chicken Makhani (Indian Butter Chicken)	Recipe:Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large saucepan over medium high heat. Saute shallot and onion until soft and translucent. Stir in butter, lemon juice, ginger garlic paste, 1 teaspoon garam masala, chili powder, cumin and bay leaf. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add tomato puree and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in half-and-half and yogurt. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Season with salt, pepper and cayenne. Remove from heat and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large heavy skillt over medium heat. Cook chicken until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat and season with 1 teaspoon garam masala and cayenne. Stir in about 1/3 of the sauce and simmer until liquid has reduced and chicken is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Pour the rest of the sauce into the chicken. Mix together cornstarch and water, then stir into the sauce. Cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until thickened.
Name:Oriental Chicken Salad with Crunchy Ramen Noodles	Recipe:Prepare dressing and set aside. Smash noodles of Top Ramen (discard seasoning packets) and brown over medium heat in 3 tbs oil. Once noodles have begun to slightly brown, add slivered almonds. If you start to brown the Ramen and almonds at the same time, the almonds will burn before the Ramen browns. Once the ramen noodles have turned a dark golden brown, remove from heat and set aside. Combine cabbage, green onions, chicken and sunflower seeds in a large bowl. Add the ramen/almond mixture and stir well. Add dressing and stir to coat. I generally prepare the dressing right before serving. If it sits in the refrigerator too long, it gets very thick and won't remix well. Also, this amount of dressing is just the right amount to give the salad a good coating. If you are one of those who likes more dressing, I would recommend making 1/2 batch of extra dressing. If you plan on eating this left over, keep in mind that the noodles will not stay crunchy.
Name:Awesome Egg Rolls	Recipe:Fry the ground beef with the salt and pepper and garlic powder until the meat is completely browned. Make sure to add a lot of the salt and pepper and garlic powder. This needs to have a strong flavor because you'll be frying it with other ingredients. Don't put so much in that you can't eat it, but you want to really taste it. Once you are done getting the flavor right, get a LARGE bowl and put the shredded cabbage and carrots in it and then add the ground beef on top. Mix together completely and let sit for about 15 minutes. I do that so the mixture will soften and I can roll them more easily. Check the mixture after it sits to make sure the flavor is still there and really stands out. If not, add more of the salt and pepper and garlic powder. It's really up to your taste buds, but this is what I've done and I get RAVE reviews. Heat up your oil for frying in a deep fryer. Follow the manufacturer's instructions for how much oil to add, but always make sure you don't fill it to the top so you don't get hurt. I usually only fill about half of the fryer. Crack an egg into a small bowl to make a wash for sealing the egg roll wraps. Take a wrap and put about 1-2 teaspoons of the meat mixture onto the wrap. Wrap the roll as shown on the package, remembering to seal with the egg wash. I try to wrap my rolls tightly, but I don't always do that so well. Once you are done wrapping, place the egg rolls carefully into the oil about 2-3 at a time. Cook them until they are blond in color. Don't let them get too dark. Take them out and let drain on paper towels. You're done! I serve mine with Grey Poupon for dipping. yummy! Others might enjoy soy sauce! These also freeze very well, that is of course, if you have any left! I make a bunch for myself and have them for lunch. Just pop them in the microwave for about 1 minute, and you're done.
Name:Applebee\u0027s Oriental Dressing	Recipe:Mix ‘em up.
Name:Sweet and Sour Chicken	Recipe:Mix together first 6 ingredients. Add chicken; coat well. Heat oil in electric skillet to 375 degrees. Fry chicken until lightly browned. Removed chicken; drain. Drain pineapple, reserving liquid. Add enough water to juice to make 1 cup. Add 2 T. cornstarch, mixing well. Combine pineapple juice mixture and next 4 ingredients in a medium saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil. Stir green pepper and chicken into sauce; cook until thoroughly heated. Serve over rice.
Name:Pan-Fried Tofu with Spicy Peanut Sauce	Recipe:Drain tofu (i pressed gently between paper towels). Cut into bite-sized cubes. Toss with cornstarch, coating the cubes. Sprinkle a little salt and pepper. Heat some oil (about 3-4 tablespoon, just ensure pan is coated). Fry the tofu cubes in batches, making sure all sides are lightly browned. Drain on paper towels, then sprinkle with salt and pepper if desired. Sauce: Heat the milk in small saucepan (you can make sauce in microwave too). Add peanut butter, stirring well. Add other seasonings, according to personal taste (I love spicy food, so i added LOTS of chilli flakes!). If you use coconut milk, add 1/2 - 1 tsp of lime juice too - it will be great! Serve hot, as a snack or appetizer. Sometimes i serve them with a sweet Chinese dessert: Green Bean Soup.
Name:Shanghai Noodles	Recipe:Cook pasta according to package directions;drain. Heat oil and sesame oil in skillet. Saute cabbage and green onion for about 5 minutes. Add pasta and soy sauce (also chicken and/or bean sprouts if desired) and heat through.
Name:Palak Paneer (Indian Fresh Spinach With Paneer Cheese)	Recipe:Cut spinach into shreds and cook in 3 tablespoons water until tender; remove from heat. Saute onion, cinnamon, cardamom, and ginger in 1-2 tablespoons ghee or oil until onion is translucent. Then add garlic and chopped tomatoes, and reduce heat. Cook this briefly and slowly blend in yogurt a little at a time to prevent curdling. Add coriander, garam masala, paprika, and salt, mixing well. Add cooked spinach with liquid, cover and simmer on low heat for approximately 20-30 minutes. Remove from heat. Take half of spinach mixture and puree in food processor or blender, and return to mixture and stir. Slowly stir in heavy cream, and heat through on low heat. Add paneer cubes. Serve.
Name:Stir-Fried Shrimp in Garlic Sauce	Recipe:In a small bowl, mix together chicken broth, vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil, chile paste (if using) and sherry; set aside. In another small bowl or cup, stir together the tbsp of cornstarch with the 3 tbsp of water and set aside. Heat the oil over medium-high heat in a wok; add ginger and garlic and sizzle briefly, then add vegetables and Thai chilies (if using). Stir-fry vegetables for approximately 3 minutes, then add the shrimp. Cook the shrimp 2 minutes or until it curls and turns opaque or pink. Add the sauce mixture and cook 1 minute more; then stir in the thickener (briefly stir first) and stir-fry until mixture thickens, about 1 minute. Serve with hot cooked rice.
Name:Crab Rangoon	Recipe:Whip together the sour cream, cream cheese and soy sauce and sugar until smooth. Fold in remaining ingredients (except wrappers) Heat oil to med-high and you want it around 1 1/2-2 inches deep. Place a small bowl of water on your work surface and lay out 6 wrappers, and place around 1 1 1/2 t's in the center of each wrapper. Moisten edges, bring up corners and pinch together, along with sides-you dont want filling to float away. Place all 6 in the hot oil and repeat process. By the time you have the next set of 6 ready to crimp it should be time to turn the rangoon's. You want them a nice golden color. When done remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towells. Repeat until done. Try to share.
Name:Crunchy Noodle Salad  *Award Winning*	Recipe:Place sesame and almonds on a microwave safe plate and cook until browned. About 1 minute-Watch carefully! Allow to cool. Mix cabbage, sesame and almonds together in a large bowl. Dressing: Mix the spice packets from the noodles with the green onions, oil, vinegar and sugar. Shake or stir until well blended. Refrigerate separately until ready to serve. When ready to serve: Break RAW ramen noodles into small pieces and mix into cabbage mixture. DO NOT COOK NOODLES! Pour dressing over cabbage and noodles and mix well. NOTE: Can be made a meal by adding some cooked shredded chicken or thawed frozen salad shrimp. Experiment! Toasting the seeds and nuts brings out the flavor- You can also add the RAW  noodles to the toasting step for more added flavor.
Name:Rogan Josh	Recipe:Put the ginger, garlic, and 4 tablespoons of water into the blender. Blend well until you have a smooth paste. Heat oil in a wide heavy pot over a medium heat, brown the meat cubes in serveral batches and set to one side. Put the cardamom, bay leaves, cloves, peppercons and cinnamon into the same hot oil. stir once and wait until the cloves swell and the bay leaves begin to take on colour. Now put in the onions. Stir and fry for 5 minutes until they turn a medium brown colour. Put in the ginger garlic paste and stir for 30 seconds. Add the coriander, cumin, paprika-cayenne, and salt. Stir and fry for 30 seconds. Add the fried meat cubes and juices. Stir for 30 seconds, now add 1 tablespoon of yoghurt, stir until well blended . Add the remaining yoghurt, a tablespoon at a time in the same way. Stir and fry for another 3 minutes. Now add 275ml of water if you're cooking lamb or chicken and 425ml of water if you're cooking beef. Bring to the boil, scraping all the browned spices off the sides and bottom of the pot. Cover and cook on low for an hour if you're cooking chicken or lamb and 2 hours if cooking beef, (or until meat is tender.). Every 10 minutes give the meat a good stir. When the meat is tender take off the lid, turn the heat up to medium, and boil away some of the liquid. All the fat that collects in the pot may be spooned off the top. Sprinkle the garam masala and black pepper over the meat before you serve and mix them inches.
Name:Creamy Roasted Garlic Hummus	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375°F Cut off the very top of the garlic clove (about 1/4") so that the tops of most of the cloves are exposed slightly. Coat with a little olive oil and wrap securely in tin foil. Roast garlic in oven for 1 hour. Remove and allow to cool. Using your fingers, squeeze the soft, roasted garlic out of each clove into food processor. Rinse and drain cooked or canned chickpeas. Add them, and all other ingredients, to the food processor and blend until completely smooth. Scrape ingredients off sides of food processor to make sure it blends evenly. If you find that the hummus is too thick, you can add additional olive oil at this time. Add it very slowly, allowing the mixture to combine fully before adding more liquid. Serve at room temperature with crudites, warm pita or crackers. Optional: Sprinkle with chopped parsley or paprika before serving.
Name:Homemade Hoisin Sauce	Recipe:Combine all ingredients in a small mixing bowl. Mix with a whisk until well blended.
Name:Lebanese Lentil/Rice Pilaf With Blackened Onions	Recipe:Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped onion and next 4 ingredients; sauté until onion softens, about 4 minutes. Add broth and lentils; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, covered, 10 minutes. Stir in rice; return to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and cook until liquid is absorbed and rice and lentils are tender, about 15 minutes longer. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sliced onions; sauté until soft and beginning to blacken, about 20 minutes. Season pilaf to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to plates; top with blackened onions. Place tomatoes and cucumber alongside. Top pilaf with dollop of yogurt. Sprinkle with mint.
Name:Ramen Fried \	Recipe:Break the noodles into about 6 pieces into a bowl, sprinkle with the contents of the seasoning packet and pour boiling water over to cover. Stir a bit and let soak while you prepare the rest of the recipe. Rinse peas with hot water in a colander to defrost. Mix together the eggs, sesame oil, and pepper and set aside. Heat a wok or large skillet and add the oil. Add the garlic and green onions and stir-fry for 30 seconds. Add optional meat and peas and stir fry until hot, about 1 minutes. Drain the noodles well, add to the skillet and stir fry for another 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in the soy sauce until well distributed. Pour the eggs into the skillet and continue to cook and stir, until the bits of egg are cooked. Serve at once.
Name:Chinese Wontons	Recipe:Combine pork, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil, and vegetables in a bowl. Separate wonton skins. Place a heaping teaspoon of filling in the center of the wonton. Brush water on 2 borders of the skin, covering 1/4 inch from the edge. Fold skin over to form a triangle, sealing edges. Pinch the two long outside points together. Heat oil to 450 degrees and fry 4 to 5 at a time until golden. Drain and serve with sauce.
Name:Crock Pot Thai Chicken Thighs	Recipe:Put all ingredients in crock pot on low for 6-8 hours. Garnish with cilantro, scallions, and peanuts. Serve with jasmine rice made with half coconut milk and half water (1 cup raw rice, 1 cup water, 1 cup coconut milk).
Name:Cashew Chicken Curry	Recipe:Heat butter in a 5- to 6-quart wide heavy pot over moderately low heat until foam subsides, then cook onions, garlic, and ginger, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add curry powder, salt, cumin, and cayenne and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add chicken and cook, stirring to coat, 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, including juice, and cilantro and bring to a simmer, then cover and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, about 40 minutes. Just before serving: pulse cashews in a food processor or electric coffee/spice grinder until very finely ground, then add to curry along with yogurt and simmer gently, uncovered, stirring, until sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes. Note:  Curry, without yogurt and cashews, can be made 5 days ahead and cooled completely, uncovered, then chilled, covered; reheat over low heat before stirring in yogurt and ground cashews.
Name:My O My.. Best Thai Beef Salad Ever!	Recipe:Brush the beef with a little oil and char-grill, barbecue, or pan-fry till cooked to your liking. (I recommend medium rare for this recipe, if you can handle a little blood.) Set aside for five minutes and slice it thinly. Place salad greens, onions, kaffir lime leaves, chili, cilantro, mint and basil into a salad bowl and toss lightly. To make the dressing, combine the soy sauce, fish sauce, lime juice and sugar. Stir the dressing well. Place the beef on the salad and pour over the dressing. Serve immediately.
Name:Onion Lentils and Rice	Recipe:Heat olive oil in skillet, saute the onions with 1 tsp cumin until lightly browned (can add some garlic too, if desired). Remove 1/3 of the onions and set aside. Continue cooking the rest of the onions until dark brown and black in places. In the meantime, bring water to a boil in a saucepan, add the lentils, reduce heat, and cover, simmering for 15 minutes. To the lentils, add the 1/3 lightly browned onions, rice, salt, and remaining 1 tsp cumin. Cover and simmer 15 minutes or until rice is tender. Remove from heat and stir in the well-browned onions. Cover and let stand for 5-10 minutes. Serve! Especially good with chopped lettuce, tomatoes, and a dollop of yogurt or sour cream on top. Also good with cooked spinach.
Name:My Mama\u0027s Hummous	Recipe:Food process all and garnish with any of the above.
Name:Tandoori Style Chicken	Recipe:Stir together lime juice, yogurt, minced chiles, salt, turmeric, coriander, cumin, ginger, garlic, cayenne, cinnamon, cloves, and 1 tbsp of oil in a mixing bowl. Cut slits across the meat of chicken and rub spice mixture all over chicken. Marinate chicken in this mixture for 8 hours or overnight. Preheat the last tbsp of oil in the bottom of a roasting pan and layer chicken pieces in the bottom of pan. Bake 425F for 35-40 minutes or until chicken is done (you may want to check the chicken about 5-8 minutes before and it may even cook longer than the 40 min, depending on size of pieces).
Name:Quinoa Tabouli	Recipe:Place quinoa in a colander and rinse several times rubbing the grains together to remove the bitter outer layer. Place water and quinoa into a 2-quart saucepan. Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to a simmer and cover. Cook for 10 to 15 minutes or until all water has been absorbed. While the quinoa is cooking, finely chop the tomatoes, parsley, and scallions. Add lemon juice, olive oil and fresh mint to the tomato mixture. Stir in cooked quinoa and salt. Mix well. Let tabouli sit in the refrigerator for a day to blend flavors. Tabouli is traditionally served at room temperature so remove from fridge 30 to 60 minutes before serving.
Name:TRADITIONAL ADOBO (Pork in Vinegar and Soy Sauce)	Recipe:Combine all ingredients except cooking oil in a pot and let stand for at least 30 minutes. Simmer covered for 1 hour or until meat is tender. Drain and reserve the sauce. Heat cooking oil in a skillet. Brown meat on all sides. Transfer to a serving dish. Pour off all remaining oil from skillet. Add reserved sauce and cook for a minute or two scraping all browned bits sticking to pan. Pour sauce over meat and serve.
Name:Pita Bread	Recipe:Sift flour and salt together in a large bowl. Combine yeast, sugar and 1/3 cup very warm water-give a quick stir and set aside for 5 minutes to activate yeast. Make a well in the flour/salt mixture and add the yeast, 1 cup warm water and the olive oil. Gently stir to gather dough into a ball-you may need a touch more water-depending on where you live, altitude. Turn out and knead for 10 minutes. Put into a LIGHTLY greased large bowl, cover and place in a warm spot for around 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Punch down and knead to smooth. Cut dough into 12 pieces, form into rounds, roll out and place on a dusted baking sheet, cover and let rest for 45 minutes. Preheat oven to 500F degrees. I use my large cast iron skillet for this part, so I place it in the oven and when really hot I place in two pitas and let bake for around 3 minutes-you can broil for 1 minute if you like, just to get the tops browned. I wrap the cooked pitas in a slightly damp tea towel for a minute or two-then cool and place in plastic bags. This process can also be done on a cooking sheet.
Name:Chicken, Rice, and Spices Bake	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375°F and grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bring water to boiling and add chicken bouillon cubes, lower heat and simmer till dissolved--keep it hot. Sprinkle chicken with half the spices (except the garlic). Heat the olive oil in a large skillet on med-high to high heat and fry the chicken till both sides are brown, lower heat to medium and remove the chicken to a plate. In that same skillet sauté the onions for 2 minutes, then add the garlic and remaining spices and sauté another 2 minutes, then turn off the burner. Add the rice and stir for about 30 seconds to 1 minute, till well coated. Spread rice in the baking dish and place the chicken thighs over the rice. Gently pour in the chicken stock and cover tightly with foil. Bake for 40-45 minutes.
Name:Very Quick Butter Chickpeas (Vegetarian Butter Chicken!)	Recipe:Chop the onion very finely while the oil heats in a large pan. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until the onion is starting to brown. Stir in the curry powder and garam masala, ginger and cumin.  Continue to cook, stirring frequently, for one to two minutes longer. Tip in the soup, cream, drained chickpeas and potatoes, and leave the sauce to simmer for about five minutes. Add the chopped coriander and salt to taste. Serve over steamed basmati rice.
Name:Kabak Mücveri (Turkish Zucchini Fritters)	Recipe:Grate the zucchini and place in a colander; sprinkle with salt and let drain for 30 minutes; squeeze out moisture and pat with paper towels. Place the zucchini in a bowl and add the green and yellow onions, dill, parsley, cheese, eggs, flour and salt and pepper to taste; mix well. In a large sauté pan over medium-high heat, pour in oil to a depth of ¼ inch; when the oil is hot, drop the batter by heaping tablespoonfuls into the pan (or form into small patties), allow space in between fritters; fry for 2 minutes on the fist side, then turn to brown on the second side for about 3 minutes; using a slotted spatula transfer to paper towels or newspaper to drain; repeat with remaining batter.
Name:Asian Vinaigrette Salad Dressing	Recipe:Mix first 5 ingredients in a bowl or food processor. If using a bowl: SLOWLY drizzle in the sesame and peanut oil, whisking constantly so that the dressing will emulsify. If using a food processor, leave it running while you drizzle in the oil. When dressing is well combined, add sesame seeds and scallions. Serve immediately or refrigerate and use within a week.
Name:Broccoli Chicken Dijon (south Beach Diet)	Recipe:Mix chicken broth and soy sauce; set aside. Cook and stir broccoli and garlic in hot oil in large skillet on medium-high heat until crisp-tender. Remove from skillet; cover to keep warm. Add chicken to skillet; cook and stir 3 to 4 minutes or until cooked through. Add broth mixture; mix well. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in mustard until well blended. Return broccoli mixture to skillet; mix lightly. Cook until heated through, stirring occasionally.
Name:Chinese Chicken Wings	Recipe:Mix all ingredients. Add wings and marinate overnight. (I have often marinated in fridge for 1 to 2 days) Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour.
Name:Pad Thai With Chicken and Shrimp	Recipe:Place noodles in large bowl and cover with boiling water for about 10 minutes. Drain. Set aside. Mix together fish sauce, ketchup, Worcestershire, chili-garlic sauce and sugar. Set aside. Cut chicken into 1" cubes. Peel and de-vein raw shrimp and chop coarsely. Finely chop garlic. Heat peanut oil in large frying pan or wok. Add garlic, chicken, shrimp and red pepper flakes. Stir until shrimp turns pink. Add sauce mixture and stir for 3 more minutes. Add beaten eggs and stir constantly for one minute. Add drained rice noodles and toss until coated. Stir in bean sprouts, onions and 1/2 cup cilantro. Stir and toss for a minute or so, until heated. Spoon out onto large serving platter. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts and remaining cilantro. Top with slices or wedges of lime, which will be used to squeeze over noodles upon serving.
Name:Asian Style Savory Baked Tofu	Recipe:For best results, tofu should be "pressed" in order to remove excess liquid and absorb the flavors of the marinade. Press tofu block between two plates, weighted down with a cast iron pan, large bowl of water, or heavy cans, for about 30 minutes. Halfway through, you may dump the plate of water and flip the tofu block. To make marinade, simply whisk together the ingredients in a bowl. After tofu is pressed, cut the block into small cubes or triangles. Place pieces of tofu into baking dish, and cover with the marinade. The tofu can sit overnight in the marinade, or can be prepared right away. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Bake tofu about 35-45 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. Tofu can be eaten by itself, or added to stir-frys, salads, soups or sandwiches.
Name:Chicken Vindaloo	Recipe:Salt and pepper the chicken quarters. Heat a large frying pan and brown the chicken in the Ghee. You will have to do this in two batches. Remove the chicken to a 6-quart stove-top covered casserole, leaving the fat in the pan. Add the garlic and onion to the pan and sauté until golden brown. Add to the casserole along with the ginger, cumin, mustard seed, cinnamon, cloves, turmeric, cayenne, and paprika. Sauté all for a few minutes and add all the remaining ingredients except for the garnishes. Cover and simmer until the chicken is tender. about 45 minutes. Stir a few times during cooking; partially remove the lid during the last 10 minutes or so to thicken the sauce. Top with garnishes. Ghee: Butter that is cooked to separate the clear butter fat from the milk solids and moisture, an ingenious method that allows butter to keep for long periods of time. Tamarind: Tamarind paste and concentrate, fresh products, are available in the produce section of many ethnic markets. Both products, made from the tamarind pod, need to be reconstituted.
Name:Korean Pork Strips	Recipe:Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Add all ingredients to ziplock bag, shake to mix, and marinate pork for 5 min, or up to 3 hours. Spray 9x13 baking dish with cooking spray, then place pork in dish, pouring marinade over pork. Bake 30-35 minutes. Cut pork into thin slices before serving.
Name:Indian Masala Chai	Recipe:In a mortar, crush the cloves, cardamom pods and cinnamon, or use a coffee grinder. Transfer the crushed spices to a small saucepan, add the water, ginger and pepper and bring to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat, cover and let steep for 5 minutes. Add the milk and sugar to the pan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the tea. Cover and let steep for 3 minutes. Stir the chai, then strain it into a warmed teapot or directly into teacups. Enjoy!
Name:Marinated Chickpea and Artichoke Salad with Feta	Recipe:Place chickpeas, artichoke hearts, red peppers, olives, feta, scallions, and parsley into a salad bowl and toss lightly. In another small bowl, mix together vinegar, mint, z'atar (if using), sugar, salt, and pepper. Slowly add olive oil, whisking to blend. Add dressing to salad and stir well. Cover and refrigerate for several hours or overnight (best), to blend flavors. Serve chilled.
Name:Indian Lentil Soup (Dal Shorva)	Recipe:Rinse the beans or lentils. Bring to a boil with the stock, turmeric, Cayenne, cumin, cardamom and curry/bay leaves. Let simmer until the beans or lentils are very soft (ca 30 minutes). If using bay leaves, remove them now. Curry leaves can be left in the soup. Run the soup quickly in a blender to a not too smooth consistency (or mash the lentils/beans with a ladle). Sautee the garlic and mustard seeds lightly in the fat and add to the soup. Let simmer for another 5 minutes. Add salt, pepper and squeezed lemon to taste. Serve hot with pita or paratha bread.
Name:Korean Hamburgers	Recipe:Mix thoroughly. Shape into 4 patties. Grill or fry as usual. To use in once a month cooking or stocking up: To Freeze: Freeze uncooked in a single layer on plastic wrap, then wrap the stack in aluminum foil. To cook: Grill or fry from frozen until done.
Name:Beef and Broccoli Stir-Fry	Recipe:In a medium mixing bowl add together the beef strips and soy sauce. Mix to be sure all the beef is coated. Add the sugar and pepper, stirring for 3 minutes to be sure each piece is evenly coated and sugar is dissolving. Add the whipped egg white and slowly stir in the cornstarch, again stirring for 3 minutes to make sure the beef is evenly coated. You DO NOT want to see any sugar or cornstarch. Cover and let stand in the fridge for 3 hours, stirring well after 1 and 1/2 hours. Bring a large pot of water to boil. Bring a wok to medium high heat. Par boil the broccoli for 1 minute. Drain in colander in sink. Add 2 T. oil and garlic to wok and quickly"mush" around. Stir fry the broccoli until tender crisp, around 5-6 minutes tops. Remove broccoli to a bowl. Add the remaining oil if needed and stir fry the meat until just under done. Return broccoli to wok and stir. Add the sherry and oyster sauce. Stir fry for 1 minute making sure broccoli and beef is thoroughly coated with sauce. Serve over hot white rice.
Name:Hummus Amongus	Recipe:Drain beans; reserve water. In a food processor or blender add beans and all the ingredients. Process until smooth. If mixture is too thick, add some of the reserved liquid from the beans to dilute to a desired consistency. Serve at room temperature with pita bread, grilled pork, lamb or chicken.
Name:Curry Chicken	Recipe:preheat oven to 350. heat butter, honey, dijon mustard, and curry together in a pan. place chicken in a baking dish and pour sauce over chicken. bake for 50-55 mins.
Name:Turkey Burgers	Recipe:Combine the 1st six ingredients in a bowl.  Blend in the cheese. Form into 4 patties. Spray a frying pan with cooking spray. Cook patties until done. Serve on hamburger buns with lettuce and tomatoes.
Name:Lemon Herb Quinoa	Recipe:Place the quinoa in a large bowl. Fill with cold water. Drain into a strainer and repeat the rinsing and draining 4 more times. Over medium-high heat, heat the oil in a 2-quart saucepan. Add the rinsed quinoa and cook, stirring, until the quinoa makes cracking and popping noises, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the water, marjoram, thyme, and rosemary. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, covered, 15 minutes. Stir in the parsley, lemon juice, salt, lemon rind, and pepper. Simmer, covered, 5 minutes longer. Fluff with a fork.
Name:Cold Peanut Noodles	Recipe:Bring a large pot of boiling water to a boil.  Cook spaghetti noodles according to package directions; drain; rinse in very cold water and drain again. Place cooled noodles in a large bowl and toss with the carrots, scallions, bell pepper slices and cilantro. In a small bowl, whisk together the sauce ingredients until smooth. Drizzle the sauce over noodles mixture; toss to coat well. Serve room temp or cold. Garnish with sesame seeds if desired.
Name:Chow Gai Laan (Jade Green Broccoli)	Recipe:Mix together sugar through soy sauce plus 1/2 cup water and put aside. Heat oil in a skillet or wok over medium heat and add the garlic. When garlic is golden brown, add the broccoli. Turn the heat up and stir-fry 2 minutes. Add sherry, cover quickly and cook 2 minutes. Lift cover& add the soy sauce mixture. When sauce thickens, remove and serve.
Name:Cashew Chicken	Recipe:Combine Catsup, soy sauce, salt,Worcestershire Sauce, sugar, sesame oil, cayenne pepper, and chicken broth and set aside. In a bowl, combine cornstarch, sugar, and salt. Toss the chicken with cornstarch mixture. Heat a wok or frying pan to a high heat and add cooking oil. When oil is hot add chicken. Add gingeroot, garlic and onion. Stir fry mixture until chicken is cooked through and opaque. Add bell pepper and carrots, stir fry until tender crisp about 2-3 minutes, then add snow peas. Continue to stir fry until tender crisp. Add catsup/soysauce mixture to chicken and vegetables and cook until it comes to a boil. Add the cashews and serve immediately over a bed of white rice.
Name:Thai Dipping Sauce for Spring Wrap or Egg Rolls	Recipe:Whisk together all the ingredients in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, whisking all the while until it thickens. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.
Name:Szechuan Shrimp	Recipe:Mix ketchup, chili sauce rice wine, soy sauce, sugar, salt, pepper flakes, and corn starch in small bowl to make sauce. Pour oil in seasoned wok before heating and wipe around. Heat wok and add scallions ginger and garlic. Stir-fry for a few seconds, then add shrimp. Stir constantly for about 2 minutes, adding small amounts of water if food starts to stick; cook until shrimp turns pink. Stir sauce again, then add to wok, stirring constantly until mixture thickens. Serve with steamed rice.
Name:Fantastic Crispy Tempura Batter	Recipe:In a bowl whisk beer with the rice flour until very smooth. Add in salt and garlic powder and cayenne (if using). Let sit out at room temperature for 10 minutes. Heat oil to 375 degrees. Dredge the fish or veggies into the batter coating completely with batter, letting any excess drip off. Deep-fry turning once until golden (about 3 minutes). Transfer to a piece of brown paper (a brown paper bag will do for this!). Season with seasoning salt.
Name:Aloo Palak (Indian Potatoes \u0026 Spinach)	Recipe:In a pan cook the spinach with garlic, ginger, onions and the green chilies for about 5-10 minutes. Remove from the pan and blend to a fine puree and keep aside. In the meantime boil the potatoes with salt and turmeric until done, apprximately 10 minutes and set aside when done. Heat ghee in a pan, fry cumin seeds along with spinach-onion paste and simmer for a few minutes. Add the cooked potatoes, garam masala, coriander and cumin powder and a little water if needed. Simmer for few minutes till the potatoes absorb the flavor. Add fresh cream if desired.
Name:Yakitori	Recipe:Put mirin, soy sauce, sugar and garlic, if using, into a medium-sized sauce pan, and cook over medium heat until there is only half as much sauce remaining. Let cool slightly while you are preparing the chicken. Cut chicken into bite-sized pieces; keeping the skin on is usual in Japan. Thread chicken onto skewers, alternating with green onion if desired. Begin grilling the chicken skewers on both sides without the sauce, when the meat starts changing color, brush the sauce on both sides, and continue grilling, brushing on sauce about 3 times total, and turning until done.
Name:Sassy\u0027s Beef and Broccoli	Recipe:Marinate steak in mixture of 1/2 of Water, Soya Sauce, Sugar, Vinegar, Garlic, Ginger and Cornstarch. (At least 10 Minutes). Drain well, reserving marinade. Heat oil in wok or skillet. Add steak and brown. Add broccoli and onion. Cook at medium-high heat, stirring for 1 minutes. Add remaining Water (1/4 cup), cover and steam for 3-4 minutes until Broccoli is tender-crisp. Add marinade and cook until sauce is hot and thick.
Name:Pakistani Kima (Hamburger Curry)	Recipe:Saute onion and garlic in butter till soft. Add meat and brown well. Stir in curry powder and seasonings, and remaining vegetables. Cover and simmer 25 minutes, stirring several times and adding more water if needed. Serve with rice.
Name:Leftover Pork Chop Stir Fry	Recipe:Cut the left-over pork chops into thin strips at a slight bias. Heat 1 tablespoons seame oil over medium heat.  Add garlic and onion and sautee until tender. In the meanwhile, mix ingredients for the sauce in a small bowl or measuring cup. Add pork to the garlic and onion and cook until warmed through Add stir fry veggies and cook for about 2 minutes more, adding the sauce at the last minute. (A little cornstarch can be added here if you want the sauce thicker). Serve over your favorite rice or noodles.
Name:Instant Chai Tea Mix	Recipe:In a large bowl, combine milk powder, non-dairy creamer, vanilla flavored creamer, sugar and instant tea. Stir in ginger, cinnamon, cloves and cardamom. In a blender or food processor, blend 1 cup at a time, until mixture is the consistency of fine powder. To serve: Stir 2 heaping tablespoons Chai tea mixture into a mug of hot water. Store dry mixture in an airtight container.
Name:Indian Butter Chicken	Recipe:Heat a wok until really hot, add 1 Tbsp oil. Add half the chicken and stir-fry for about 4 minutes or until chicken is a nice colour. Remove to plate. Add extra oil and cook remaining chicken. Remove from wok. Reduce heat and add the butter. When melted add all of the spices and stir-fry until fragrant- about 1 minute. Return chicken to wok and stir to coat with the spices. Add the tomato and sugar and simmer for 15 minutes- stir occasionally. Add the yogurt, cream and lemon juice and simmer for 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens a bit. Serve over rice. **This dish can be frozen. After step nine cool completely then store in a zip-lock bag in the freezer.  To reheat, thaw in bag in fridge overnight then add contents to saucepan. Reheat gently, then simmer for 8 minutes - add the yoghurt, cream and lemon juice and simmer for 5 more minutes.
Name:Amanda\u0027s Thai Peanut	Recipe:In a large pot, cook fettucini as directed. Towards the end of the pasta cooking, add the broccoli into the pot to cook for approximately 3-4 minutes. In a greased large saucepan, heat garlic on med-high heat for 2 minutes. Add red pepper flakes, ginger, and brown sugar into the saucepan. Allow to cook another 2 minutes. Add soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, and peanut butter to the saucepan. Use a spaghetti spoon or whisk to mix in the peanut butter to the liquid to form a sauce. When the sauce begins to bubble, add the cooked pasta/broccoli to the saucepan.  Mix well.  Add the carrot.  Mix well to prevent clumps.
Name:P.F. Chang\u0027s Lettuce Wraps by Todd Wilbur	Recipe:Stirfry sauce: combine water and cornstarch and stir until cornstarch is dissolved.  Add this to the other stir fry sauce ingredients in a small saucepan over medium heat.  Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer till thick.  Sesame ginger dipping sauce: combine water and cornstarch in and mix until cornstarch is dissolved.  Combine this solution with the other dipping sauce ingredients in small pan over medium heat.  Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 2 minutes.  Peanut dipping sauce: combine ingredients in a pan over medium low heat.  Heat while whisking until sauce becomes smooth.  Remove from heat when done. Heat 1 Tbsp of oil in a large skillet over medium heat.  Cook chicken breasts until done, turning every couple of minutes Remove to a cutting board and slice it into strips with a sharp knife.  Keep the pan hot.  Put chicken back in the same pan over medium/high heat, and add water chestnuts.  Heat for 1 minute.  Add 5 Tbsp of stir fry sauce to the chicken and heat for 2 minutes, stirring often.  The sauce should be bubbly.  Add the sliced green onions and stir. Spoon in to lettuce"cups". Serve with dipping sauces.
Name:Chicken Lo Mein	Recipe:Dissolve broth granules in boiling water in small saucepan. Pour 1/2 cup broth mixture into large skillet. Let remaining liquid in saucepan cool. Bring mixture in skillet to boiling. Add chicken and simmer 5 minutes, until no longer pink in center. Remove chicken with slotted spoon to platter. Pour off liquid from skillet. Stir wine, soy, and cornstarch in small bowl until smooth. Stir into remaining cooled broth in saucepan. Heat oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and ginger; cook 30 seconds, stirring. Add all veggies; cook, stirring 2-3 minutes until veggies are crisp-tender. Add chicken and pasta; toss 2 minutes until heated through. Stir cornstarch mixture in saucepan; add to skillet. Cook 2-3 minutes, stirring, until slightly thickened. Top with additional sliced green onion if desired.
Name:Curried Chickpeas and Black Beans-Low Fat	Recipe:Heat oil in a large, non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and ginger and saute about 3 minutes, or until tender. Add curry powder and stir to coat onions evenly. Add tomatoes with their juices and cook 1-2 minutes or until mixture seems slightly thickened, stirring well. Add black beans, chickpeas and salt to taste. Stir to coat beans evenly. Cover, reduce heat and simmer for about 5 minutes or until chickpeas are heated through. Turn off heat, and stir in fresh cilantro (or parsley), and lemon juice. Serve warm. This dish goes nicely over some jasmine or basmati rice.
Name:Heather\u0027s Stir-Fry Sauce	Recipe:Whisk all ingredients together until smooth. Add to stir fry just at the end, stirring well into the dish and let sauce come to a bubble. Let simmer until sauce has thickened, then serve.
Name:Miso- Glazed Salmon	Recipe:Preheat broiler. Combine first 4 ingredients, stirring with a whisk.  Arrange fish in a shallow baking dish coated with cooking spray.  Spoon miso mixture evenly over fish. Broil 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork, basting twice with miso mixture.  Sprinkle with chives.
Name:Thai Rice Noodles With Chicken and Asparagus	Recipe:Pour noodles into bowl and cover with VERY HOT tap water. Soak for 15-20 minutes. Heat oil in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and stir fry until golden. Add fish sauce or salt and chicken.  Stir fry until done.   Add soy sauce, chili pepper sauce, and brown sugar.  Mix until sugar is dissolved. Drain noodles and add to skillet along with asparagus. Stir fry noodles until firm but tender.   Serve and enjoy!
Name:Asian Chicken and Pasta Salad	Recipe:Whisk together the dressing ingredients until very well combined. Poach chicken breasts in barely simmering water for 12-15 minutes, covered or until no longer pink inside. Drain and let cool slightly and cut into bite size pieces. Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and toss with 3 tablespoons of dressing. Plate up pasta on 4 plates and top with chicken, fruit, bok choy and green onions. Drizzle with remaining dressing.
Name:Seared Ahi Tuna Glazed With Wasabi Butter	Recipe:Drizzle sesame oil on both sides of each tuna steaks. Season with salt and pepper. Combine remaining ingredients in a small sauce pan. Heat over low heat until butter is melted, stirring constantly to mix and prevent scorching. While sauce is heating, heat a heavy frying pan on another burner with high heat. Place tuna in pan and sear until crispy and brown. Turn and sear on the other side. Note: Tuna steak fans who like their tuna on the rare side (like me) will usually find 2 minutes searing time is ample. Folks who like their tuna steaks more well-done (like my DH) may want to sear their tuna for 4-5 minutes per side.
Name:Crisp Panko Chicken Cutlets w/Tonkatsu Sauce	Recipe:With a sharp knife, lightly score both sides of the chicken breasts in a checkerboard pattern. Lay a sheet of plastic wrap over the breasts and pound until they are about ½ inch thick. Season with salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken in the flour and then dip it in the beaten eggs, shaking to remove excess. Dip each piece in the flour and egg again an then coat the chicken in the panko. In a deep, straight sided sauté pan, heat about ¼ inch vegetable oil over medium high heat until the oil ripples and simmers in the pan and instantly erupts into lots of bubbles when you dip a corner of the chicken breast into it. Immediately reduce the heat to medium low and fry the chicken in batches until cooked through and golden on both sides, 4 to 6 minutes per side. If the oil seems to cool down to much during frying, increase the heat a little to maintain a steady bubbling action. Drain the chicken on paper towels and serve it with abundant shredded cabbage and tonkatsu sauce. tonkatsu sauce: In a small saucepan, whisk together the Worcestershire, sugar, soy sauce and ketchup. Bring to a simmer over medium low heat. Reduce the heat to gentle simmer and whisk often until reduced to 1 cup, about 10 minutes. Whisk in mustard and allspice. Cool to room temperature. The sauce will keep for 1 week in the refrigerator.
Name:Vietnamese beef and rice noodle soup (pho)	Recipe:Place the oxtails in a large stockpot and add the water. Bring the water to a full boil, then reduce heat and bring water to a simmer. Scrape any scum off the top of the water and discard. Cut the onion in half and peel off the outer portion. Place on a baking sheet along with the ginger and broil in the over about 20 minutes, making sure not to blacken it. Turn over halfway through. Allow to cool. Place the star anise, cloves, cinnamon, and fennel seeds in a piece of cheesecloth and tie it shut with twine. Add the spice pack, onion halves, ginger, bay leaves, salt, and fish sauce to the broth. Allow the broth to simmer at least 5-6 hours (to your taste) uncovered. Remove the spice pack, onions, ginger, and bay leaves and discard. Remove the oxtails and set them aside. When cool enough to handle, remove the meat and trim of any remaining fat. Set the meat aside and return the bones to the broth. Allow the broth to simmer another hour or two until you achieve the desired taste then remove the bones. You may adjust the salt, but you don't want it too salty. Soak the rice noodles in COLD water 15-20 minutes, while starting a large pot of water boiling. While the noodles are soaking, place the cilantro, basil leaves, mint leaves, sliced onions, sliced scallions, and bean sprouts on a serving platter. After the noodles have soaked, place them in the boiling water and allow to cook until tender, but don't let them get mushy. It should only take a couple minutes. Rinse the noodles in cold water if not serving immediately. When ready to eat (you can do this earlier, like when you're boiling the water for the noodles) return the broth to a rolling boil. Place the noodles in a serving bowl and arrange the sliced meat (leftover oxtail meat if desired) over them. Ladle the boiling broth over the noodles and beef, making sure to cover the meat. Serve and allow each person to place the desired amount of garnish from the platter, hoisin sauce, and sriracha in their own bowl to taste.
Name:Persian Eggs Poached in Tomato Sauce	Recipe:Put the oil in a non-stick skillet over medium high heat. Add onions and garlic. Stir-fry for a minute, then reduce heat to medium. Continue cooking vegetables for 3 or 4 minutes so that the onion becomes translucent with a little color around the edges. Add the tomatoes and simmer. Cook uncovered for 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Once the sauce has cooked, use the back of a spoon to create 4 rounded wells, one in each quarter of the pan. Carefully break each egg and place into each of the hollows. Cover pan with a lid leaving it partially open to allow some heat and moisture to escape.  Cook until eggs reach your preferred level of doneness. Carefully scoop egg with some sauce onto serving plates. Garnish with chives. Serve with warmed pita or other flatbread of choice. •Variation:  You can make this a little spicier, add a small chili to the onions.  If you do so, you may want to omit the chives and instead garnish with finely chopped parsley.
Name:The Best Bourbon Chicken!	Recipe:Coarsely chop the scallion and mix all but the chicken and peanut oil together in a bowl and whisk until well blended. set aside. Dice chicken thighs into bite sized pieces and sauté in very hot pan or WOK with the peanut oil until lightly browned on the outside. Add liquid mixture to the chicken and reduce heat to medium. Cook this UNCOVERED until liquid is reduced to a glaze on the chicken bites and chicken is fully cooked. Serve with your choice of side dish. Fried rice or Lo Mein noodles work well.
Name:Spinach Ricotta Pie with a Hint of Feta	Recipe:Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the oil in a heavy pot over high heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach in batches, if necessary, and saute until the ribbons are just wilted. Lightly beat the ricotta and the eggs together in a bowl. Add the spinach mixture, feta, oregano and salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly. Pour the batter into a greased 9 x 13 inch pan. Bake for about 40 minutes, until the top is lightly browned. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Name:Tom Kha Gai	Recipe:> bring coconut milk and broth to a boil, add thinly sliced galangal, minced ginger, and thai chiles to soup and simmer on medium for 10 minutes. Add chicken slices and stir occasionally until chicken is tenderly cooked. Add straw mushrooms (drained), and thinly sliced, deveined lime leaves (optional: cut a few cross-sections of lemon grass and add to the soup) (optional : cut tomatoes into largish cubes about 1" square, and add to soup). Add more thai chiles if it is not spicy enough for you --  simmer for 10 more minutes. When you are ready to serve, turn off the heat, add brown sugar, lime juice, fish sauce, and stir well. Then top it off with the cut cilantro. Serve hot by itself or pour over rice. dash chile sauce over the top to taste.
Name:Brinjal (Eggplant) Curry	Recipe:Cut the eggplants into 1-inch pieces- preferably keeping at least one side of each piece with the skin on. Put the eggplant pieces into a strainer and sprinkle liberally with salt.  Place a small plate on top of the eggplant, and a weight on top of the plate- this process draws the excess water out of the eggplant, and it won't be overly salty.  Leave for at least 30 minutes. Heat 1 1/2 tbsp oil in a heavy pan.  When hot, add mustard seeds- they will start to pop in a few seconds.  When they begin to pop, add the sliced onions, garlic and ginger.  Turn the heat to medium, and cook until mixture is nicely browned. Add cayenne pepper, tumeric, garam masala and cumin to the onion mixture.  Cook spices for a few minutes, then add water and tomato paste, and reduce heat to low.  Let the sauce cook gently, but don't allow it to become dry. In a large skillet, heat 1 1/2 tbsp oil over moderate heat.  Add eggplant pieces to the pan, and arrange in a single layer.  Saute until all sides are brown and crisp. Once all eggplant pieces are browned, incorporate them into the sauce pan, making sure to cover all pieces with the sauce.  Add lemon juice and salt. Cook gently until eggplant is cooked through (about 15-20 minutes).  Stir occasionally (and very gently) and serve.
Name:Pork Fried Rice	Recipe:Heat oil in large skillet. Saute mushrooms for 2 minutes. Add bean sprouts, rice, pork, and onion. Cook and stir for 6 minutes. Push rice to the side of the skillet. Add the 1 T oil; add eggs; cook and stir until eggs are thickened. Stir eggs and rice together. Stir in soy sauce and pepper.
Name:Japanese Steakhouse Ginger Salad Dressing CopyCat Shogun Steak	Recipe:Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend on high speed for about 30 seconds or until all of the ginger is well-pureed. This recipe yields 1 3/4 cups.
Name:Scrumptious Thai Coconut Red Curry	Recipe:In a medium saucepan combine 1/2 to Tbsp Red Curry paste (I like it spicy -- so I use 1 Tbsp) with one can of coconut milk.  (I use light coconut milk to save calories/fat). Simmer for 5 minutes.  Add 1/4 cup fresh basil, 1/4 cup bamboo shoots, 3 tsp Fish Sauce, 2 Tbsp brown sugar, 1/3 cup chicken stock, and 1/2 cup of your favorite mushrooms (I use the Japanese style and shitake).  Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. While you are simmering -- saute the chopped peppers (1 or 2 inch pieces) and chopped onion in a frying pan or wok lightly covered in olive oil.  Fry lightly peppered chicken breasts till cooked through. Place sauteed peppers and onions on bowls of rice and spoon curry sauce over rice.  You can either use curry sauce to lightly flavor rice or more as a soupy type mixture.  I use short grain brown rice -- but any type is fine.  Add cut chicken breast or other meat/tofu if desired.
Name:Sweet Chicken Skewers With a Peanut Dip	Recipe:Whisk  all the ingredients but the chicken together. Place chicken in a zip lock bag add just enough marinade to coat the chicken and chill for 1 hour. Chill rest of sauce for dipping. Skewer chicken in a ribbon method onto soaked skewers. Grill on a well seasoned grill over med-high heat for about 7 minutes. Basting with the chicken marinade. Serve with chilled dip and fresh sliced cucumbers!
Name:Asian Grilled Pork Chops	Recipe:In a large re-sealable plastic bag place, oils, soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger and garlic; mix well. Add pork chops. Marinate in refrigerator 30 minutes- 2 hours. Remove from marinade and discard marinade. Grill over medium coals 6 to 7 minutes per side or until pork is cooked through.
Name:Szechuan Pork	Recipe:Blend 2 tablespoon soy sauce and cornstarch in medium bowl. Add pork, tossing to coat well. Blend remaining soy sauce and sherry in small bowl and set aside. Cook and stir crushed red pepper in butter in large skillet over medium heat until pepper turns golden brown. Add pork mixture. Cook and stir for 5 to 7 minutes or until pork is no longer pink. Remove pork from skillet and set aside. Add red pepper, green onions and ginger to same skillet. Cook and stir for 3 minutes or until tender-crisp. Return pork to skillet with sherry mixture and cook for 2-3 minutes more, stirring constantly until pork is cooked. Serve over rice.
Name:The Best Salmon Marinade	Recipe:Mix oil, soy sauce, scallions, garlic, and ginger to make a marinade, pour over salmon and marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator.  (no longer than an hour or the salt in the soy will begin to cook the meat). Grill, bake or grill salmon for about 4 minutes per side (when salmon flakes when pierced with a fork). **** (for a smokier flavor, add a couple splashes of liquid smoke to marinade -or- soak cedar planks in water for a few hours and grill the salmon on the cedar on the bbq). FABULOUS FAMILY FAVORITE (KIDS TOO). ****.
Name:Sweet and Sour Sauce	Recipe:Over medium heat bring Part 1 ingredients to a boil. Mix Part 2 ingredients and add to boiling mixture. Cook until bubbly and thick. Remove from stove and add Part 3 ingredients. This will keep in the refrigerator for weeks. Room temperature ketchup mixes easier than refrigerated. Serve warm.
Name:Chinese Roasted Chicken	Recipe:Marinate chicken pieces in all the other ingredients for at least 2 hours, turning pieces now and again. Arrange in a single layer in a roasting dish and cook in a moderate oven (160 C / 325 F) for 30 minutes, turn pieces and cook a further 25 minutes. Serve hot or cold (cooking time includes marinating time).
Name:Chickpea Curry (Garbanzos)	Recipe:Saute onions in olive oil for 3 minutes. Add ginger, garlic and curry powder (I use about 3 teaspoon for medium-spicy), stir and cook for another minute or so. Add chickpeas and salt and a tablespoon or so of water. Cook and stir about a minute. Add tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes, stirring gently. Add another spoonful of water if it seems dry or if it's burning or sticking. Serve with flatbread and rice.
Name:Hot and Sour Soup	Recipe:Bring stock to a simmer, add soy sauce, pork, mushrooms& chile paste, simmer for 10 minutes. Add meat, pepper, vinegar, bamboo, baby corn, water chestnuts, fungus and tofu, simmer 10 min Mix cornstarch with 5 tbsp water and add. bring back to a simmer and pour the eggs in a very thin stream over the surface. Let stand for 10 seconds before gently stirring in the sesame oil. Serve with a garnish of chopped scallions.
Name:Restaurant-Style Tandoori Chicken in the Oven!	Recipe:In a small mixing bowl, stir together the yogurt and lemon juice.  Add the spices, minced garlic, and chili paste, and whisk until you have a smooth, thick marinade. Put 6 pieces of the chicken in each of two zip-lock bags, and add 1/2 the marinade to each bag.  Zip closed and knead the bags until the chicken is well-coated with marinade.  Open bags slightly, squeeze out most of the air, and zip closed again.  Refrigerate 12-24 hours.  If serving this for dinner, I usually make the marinade and start the chicken soaking the evening before. Turn the bags and knead the marinating chicken once or twice while it's in the refrigerator. When you are ready to cook, take the chicken out of the refrigerator, line a large roasting pan with foil, lay a rack over the pan so air can circulate under the roasting chicken, and pre-heat your oven to 425.  If you have a convection bake or convection roast cycle, use that. Place the chicken pieces on the rack so they are not touching.  Empty what is left of the marinade into a bowl or measuring cup and touch up any "empty" spots on the chicken pieces with the marinade. Once the oven is hot, put the pan with the chicken in the oven, and leave the door closed (no peeking!).  Turn the chicken pieces once after 30 minutes of cooking time, then roast for another 10 to 15 minutes, or until slightly charred on the second side, but no more than 15 minutes for legs and thighs.  If you are cooking breasts, poke one with a skewer to make sure the juices run clear. NOW TURN THE OVEN OFF, and let the chicken rest in the closed oven for 20-30 minutes more (not critical, but NO PEEKING!). Remove the chicken to a warm platter, garnish with the onion rings and a few squeezes of lemon, and enjoy! See if you don't agree this is as good as any "authentic" Tandoori chicken you've ever tried!
Name:Oriental Ramen Broccoli Coleslaw	Recipe:Before opening noodles, crush into 1 inch pieces.  Open packages and set aside flavor packets. Place noodles in bottom of large serving bowl.  Top noodles with broccoli slaw, then sprinkle with almonds and sunflower kernels, and green onions. In a separate bowl combine sugar, oil, vinegar, and flavor packets from noodles.  Pour over slaw, cover and chill up to 24 hours. Toss before serving.
Name:Benihana\u0027s Ginger Sauce	Recipe:chop onion and grate ginger on a cheese grater or micro plane other wise it's kinda fiberous.place all ingredients in a food processor and pulse until well blended.
Name:Orange Marmalade Marinated Salmon, Chicken or Pork	Recipe:In a ziplock gallon size bag add first 8 ingredients. Seal and mush with hand till blended. Add Salmon and marinate for 1 hour. Heat grill to medium high. If using a fish basket or heavy duty foil, spray it with nonstick oil. Remove salmon from marinade and reserve. Place salmon into basket or foil folding tail in to make thickness even. Place basket or wrapped in foil on barbecue and grill salmon, skin side up, 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile bring the marinade to a boil then reduce heat to simmer till fish is cooked. Turn basket over and grill salmon until just opaque in center, about 5 to 7 minutes longer. Turn salmon out onto platter. Drizzle the reduced marinade and garnish with scallions. *To make ahead*. To freeze: Place salmon and marinade in a large freezer bag. Seal, label and freeze. To serve: Thaw in fridge and proceed with cooking directions.
Name:Edamame	Recipe:If using fresh, strip all of the pods off of your soybean bunch and boil them whole in salted water for 5 minutes. (Start timing once the water returns to a boil) Drain the pods, liberally salt them, and then slip the seeds out of the pods directly into your mouth. Have a discard bowl handy for the shells. You may never want to eat potato chips again!
Name:Curried Red Lentil Dahl	Recipe:Heat the oil in a large pan. Cook onion and garlic, stirring frequently, until the onion has softened and is turning clear. Add bay leaf and spices and cook, stirring continuously, for 1 to 2 minutes longer. Tip in the lentils and the stock (made with the water and the stock powder), bring the mixture to the boil, then reduce the heat to a gentle simmer.  Cover the pan with a lid whilst simmering, so that the liquid does not evaporate too quickly. Cook until the lentils are tender, about 25 - 30 minutes. Stir in the coriander and serve. Suggested accompaniments,  steamed rice, naan bread, poppadoms.
Name:Cold Sesame Noodles	Recipe:In saucepan over medium heat, mix first 8 ingredients together (soy sauce to chicken broth), stir until thick and smooth. Cook linguine in salted water until al dente.  Drain and rinse with cool water. Mix linguine and sauce mixture in bowl. Serve cold or at room temperature with scallions, cucumbers, and sesame seeds as garnish.
Name:Spicy Pork Bulgogi	Recipe:Mix all ingredients, refrigerate overnight for best results or a minimum of 1 hours. Cook over medium-high heat in frying pan, stirring occasionally until well done and browned. Serve with white rice.
Name:Baked Lumpia Rolls	Recipe:In a large bowl combine the pork, carrot, onion, water chestnut, bamboo shoots, garlic, ginger, soy sauce and pepper. Stir mixture until thoroughly combined-at this point you can cover and stick in the fridge over night. I lay out about 10 wrappers at a time, roll the meat mixture into cigar shapes about finger thickness-be reasonable-and the length of the wrapper. Roll, brush ends with beaten egg and finish the roll to seal. Place seam side down on a cookie sheet and repeat until done. Bake in a preheated 450 degree oven, turning once for around 20 minutes. They should be cooked through and the wrappers are golden brown. Serve hot. You can make these ahead of time and keep cooked lumpia in the fridge for up to 3 days, or frozen up to 4 weeks. To reheat (thaw if frozen) bake on baking sheet in a 450 oven for 10 minutes-turn rolls once. Dipping sauce----------------. In a 3 quart saucepan mix together the brown sugar, vinegar and soy sauce. Stir over high heat until sugar dissolves. Mix the cornstarch/water and add to the sugar mixture and stir until mixture boils. Remove from heat and stir in ginger. Makes 2/3 cup and you can double.
Name:Japanese Curry (Wafuu)	Recipe:Bring chicken stock to a simmer.  Meanwhile, season chicken with salt and pepper, and brown in oil.  After approx 4 minutes, remove to a separate dish and set aside. Melt the butter and add ginger, garlic, and onion.  Cook a few minutes until done.  Sprinkle in the flour and cook until browned (basically, make a roux.) Add curry powder and tomatoes, stir well.  Mix in 1/2 cup hot stock, making sure to scrape the stuff off of the bottom of the skillet. Pour the mixture into the simmering stock.  Add the chicken, onion, potato, and carrot. Simmer 30 minutes. Add the apples, soy sauce, and honey.  Allow to cook for 5 more minutes, remove from heat and serve with rice.
Name:Sweet and Sour Pork	Recipe:Add enough water to drained pineapple juice to measure 1 Cup. Heat the syrup, brown sugar, vinegar, 1/2 t salt, soy sauce, carrots and garlic to boiling in dutch oven. Cover and reduce heat until carrots are crisp tender. In the meantime, trim fat from pork and cut into large pieces. Heat oil to 360°F. Blend flour, 1/4 C cornstarch, 1/2 C cold water, 1/2 t salt and egg in large bowl til smooth. Add pork and stir to coat well. Fry pork pieces, don't crowd in pan, about 5 minutes turning frequently until browned. Drain on paper towel and keep warm. Mix 2 T cornstarch and 2 T water and mix til smooth. When the carrots are done, increase the heat on the sauce and stir in the cornstarch and water, stirring constantly. When thickened, add the pork, pineapple chunks and green pepper. Continue to stir 1 minute or until warmed through. Serve with rice.
Name:Chinese Hot and Sour Pork Soup	Recipe:Bring stock to a simmer. Add soy sauce, pork, mushrooms and chile paste. Simmer  for 10 minute. Add pepper, vinegar, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, fungus and  tofu. Simmer 5 minute. Mix cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water and add. Bring back to simmer and pour  the eggs in a very thin stream over the surface. Let stand for 10 sec. before  stirring in the sesame oil. Serve with a garnish of chopped scallions. NOTE: The pepper, chile paste and vinegar can be varied for taste. I also omit the pork and use less egg.
Name:Asian-Style Grilled Tilapia	Recipe:Combine the soy sauce, sugar, garlic, lime juice, ginger and red pepper flakes in a wide, shallow baking pan that will hold all of the fish in a single layer. Stir briefly to dissolve the sugar. Add the tilapia, then turn it over so that it's coated all over with the marinade. Set aside for 20 min or so. Heat the broiler to high, and move the oven rack to position closest to heat. Slide the pan into the oven, and broil the fish for 5 minute Keep the oven door ajar so the broiler element stays lit. Turn the pan around (back to front), and broil for 5 more minute. If the juices in the pan appear to burn, add a little water to the dry spot to prevent burning. The fish should be opaque and flaky. Spoon the sauce over the fish when serving.
Name:Indian Cucumber Salad	Recipe:Peel cucumbers; slice in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds.  Dice the cucumbers and place in a bowl. Whisk together yogurt, lemon juice, sugar, cumin and mint. Pour over cucumbers and toss to coat.
Name:Chicken Fried Rice - OAMC	Recipe:In a large bowl, combine the peas and carrots, rice, onion, parsley flakes and chicken. Mix well. Pour into 4 bags (enough serve 4) or less for family size. Seal, lable and freeze. Thaw bag of rice mixture. Heat 1 Tbs oil in a large skillet. Dump rice mixture into the skillet. Cook and stir over medium heat, breaking up any chunks of rice, until hot, about 5 minutes. Push rice mixture to the side of the skillet. Add 1 Tbs oil to the empty side of the skillet and add the eggs. Cook and stir until eggs are thickened but still moist. Combine eggs with the rice mixture. Turn off heat. Stir in soy sauce and pepper. Serve. *Note:You can make this all ahead of time and just reheat but I like the taste of"fresh".
Name:Chicken and Mango Curry	Recipe:In a deep frying pan or wok heat oil over medium heat until hot. Add curry paste and garlic and cook, stirring, for about 30 seconds. Slowly stir in coconut milk and chicken broth. Reduce heat to simmer; add chicken and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and discard garlic. Add ginger, onion, and peppers; cook until tender, about 7 minutes. Add mango, straw mushrooms, fish sauce, and sugar. When heated through, serve over individual plates of hot rice. Garnish with cilantro.
Name:Thai Zucchini	Recipe:Cook garlic, ginger, and red pepper in oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add peanuts and next 4 ingredients, stirring well. Add zucchini, and cook, stirring constantly, for about 5 minutes, or until crisp tender. Serve immediately.
Name:Filipino Pancit	Recipe:In a zip lock bag, marinade the cubed chicken with the teriyaki sauce and 2 cloves of minced garlic overnight. The next day, in a large bowl, soak the rice noodles in warm water for 15-30 minutes, drain completely. Drain the marinade off the chicken and discard the marinade. In a skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of oil on medium high heat and brown the chicken, drain and set aside. In a large pot, heat 2 tablespoons of oil on medium high heat and sautee 3 cloves of minced garlic and accent for 30 seconds. Add the carrots and stir fry for about 5 minutes. Add the cabbage, onions, and 1 tablespoon of soy sauce and stir fry until the vegetables are tender. Add the chicken to the vegetables and continue stir frying. Now add the noodles to the pot with 1/8 cup of oil and 1/4 cup of soy sauce and mix very well. Keep cooking and mixing until the noodles are tender and cooked thoroughly. Serve with the green onions and/or lemon juice from the lemon slices.
Name:Stir-Fried Asian Style Broccoli	Recipe:Remove and discard broccoli leaves and tough ends of stalks. Wash broccoli thoroughly, and cut off flowerets; set aside. Cut stalks into 1/2-inch pieces; set aside. In a small bowl, combine cornstarch, sugar, and salt. Add chicken broth and soy sauce, stirring until smooth; set aside. In a wok or large skillet, sautè garlic in hot oil over medium-high heat until lightly browned. Add broccoli flowerets and stems; cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly.  Cover and cook an additional 2 minutes. Add broth mixture; cook, stirring constantly, 2 minutes or until sauce thickens.
Name:Authentic Pork Lo Mein - Chinese	Recipe:Cut pork into thin strips, and then into pieces. Mix with meat marinade for 30 minutes. Slice mushrooms, bamboo shoots, red pepper and zucchini into thin strips. Mix sauce. Parboil noodles for 3 minutes. Rinse and drain. Bring another pot of water to boil, and keep hot. Heat 2 T. oil in wok. Stir fry all vegetables together for 2-3 minutes. Sprinkle on a little salt and 1 teaspoons of sugar.  Set aside. Add 2 T. oil, and stir fry pork until done. Add sauce mixture. Stir until thickened. Add the vegetables. Stir until well mixed. Put noodles into hot pot of water for 10-15 seconds, just to heat. Drain. Put back in pot, and add seasonings to noodles . Serve meat and vegetables over noodles.
Name:Carol\u0027s Dal Curry (curried lentils)	Recipe:Cover bottom of saucepan with vegetable oil. Fry onion about 5 minutes, add cilantro and continue frying over medium heat, until onion is golden. Add tomato and let get a little soft. Add rest of ingredients, including spices (add spices according to your taste!) and let simmer for about 30 minutes.
Name:Excite Me Tonight! Chicken!	Recipe:If using boneless chicken pieces, cut into 1 inch cubes and place in a shallow non-reactive container; if using whole birds, butterfly them; if using broiler halves, leave whole; select one of the marinades, then combine the ingredients for it in a bowl and pour over chicken; cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 6 hours or overnight. Bring the meat to room temperature; meanwhile prepare your gas or charcoal grill or preheat broiler. Remove the meat from the marinade, reserving the marinade; if using chicken cubes thread onto skewers; place skewers, butterflied or halved birds on the grill rack or a broiler pan and grill or broil until cooked through, basting with the reserved marinade. Cooking time will depend upon size of poultry pieces; do not let meat become dry;. Whole fryer (3-4 pounds) 60 - 70 minutes; Whole Roaster (5-7 pounds) 22 minutes a pound, Butterflied whole chicken (3-5 pounds) 45-50 minutes; Whole Cornish hens (18-24 oz) 45-55 minutes; Whole capon (4-8 lbs) 15-20 min a pound; Breast half, bone in (6-8 oz) 10-15 minutes a side; Breast half, boneless (4 oz) 8-10 min a side & (6-8 oz) 10-15 minutes a side; leg or thigh (8 or 4 oz) 10-15 minutes a side; Drumstick (4 oz) 8-12 minutes a side & (8-16 oz) 10-15 minutes a side; wings or wing drumette (2-3 oz) 8-12 minutes a side – Remove from oven when meat thermometer reads 175°-180°F; temperature will continue to rise as it stands.
Name:Wasabi Grilled Tuna	Recipe:-----------Sauce-------------. In a bowl mix wasabi and water to make a paste. Let stand 10 minutes. Stir in vinegar, mayonnaise and garlic. Set aside. ---------Tuna-----------. Prepare grill with medium-hot coals. In a cup, mix the soy sauce, oil, and wasabi powder. Brush on tuna. Grill for 3-4 minutes on each side for rare tuna. Thinly slice the tuna and serve with the Wasabi sauce.
Name:Goi Cuon (Vietnamese Cold Spring Rolls)	Recipe:Have all meats precooked and cold and the rice noodles prepared already (the noodles should be white, long and at room temp). Make sure all veggies and herbs are cleaned, dried, and set out before you start. Dip a sheet of rice paper wrapper into water very quickly, no longer than a second or two (or they will get too soggy) and lay flat on a work surface. On one edge, lay a small handful of noodles, a few strips of meat, some shrimp, some cilantro and mint leaves, a lettuce leaf, some cucumber strips and bean sprouts, all to taste but don't overstuff. Carefully start to roll up eggroll style, tucking in the sides, then continue to roll up-but not too tightly or the spring roll will split. These rolls will be thicker than the typical Chinese-style fried eggrolls. Combine a few spoonfulls of hoisin sauce with some chopped peanuts to use as a dipping sauce (or serve with prepared spicy fish sauce dip called Nuoc Mam, available at Asian markets). Serve immediately- these do not keep and will harden up in the fridge, so it is best to make just as many as you plan to serve (store any extra unassembled fillings in fridge and roll later). Note: Please be sure to get the correct spring roll rice papers- these are not the same as wonton/eggroll wrappers, which must be cooked. Look for edible rice paper wrappers, rice noodle vermicelli, and hoisin sauce in Asian markets.
Name:True Lemon Chicken	Recipe:CHICKEN: Saute cubed chicken in olive oil until done. Set aside. SAUCE: In a small sauce pan, combine first 7 ingredients and bring to a low boil. Slowly stir in cornstarch solution. Depending on how thick you want the sauce determines how much cornstarch solution you use. Careful- sauce tends to boil up when cornstarch solution is added. Serve chicken over a bed of rice. Pour sauce over chicken& rice. Enjoy!
Name:Chicken in Peanut Curry	Recipe:In a medium sauce pan heat coconut milk, curry paste, peanut butter, sugar, and fish sauce until they come to a very small boil. Set aside and cool adding cornstarch to thicken. While the sauce is cooling, stir fry 1 chopped onion and 1 T minced garlic. Cut up chicken into small pieces and stir fry with the onion and garlic until chicken is cooked through. Combine the garlic, onion and chicken with the sauce and heat. Spoon the chicken peanut curry over rice and enjoy.
Name:Easy Chicken Egg Rolls	Recipe:Cook onion and garlic in the 2 tablespoons cooking oil until the onions are tender but not browned. Add the chicken, packaged coleslaw mix, bean sprouts, teriyaki sauce and soy sauce to the onions and garlic; mix well. Cover and steam for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the water chestnuts; drain the liquid from the chicken and cabbage mixture; taste and season with salt if desired. Heat 1 1/2 inches of vegetable oil in a wok or large frying pan. While oil heats, wrap about 1/4 cup of the chicken and cabbage mixture in egg roll wraps, rolling tightly and sealing edges with beaten egg. Fry until a deep golden brown, a few at a time; drain on paper towels.
Name:Lentil Dal	Recipe:Heat olive oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, ginger, cumin, turmeric, red peppers, and garlic. Saute 2 minutes. Add cauliflower and tomatoes; saute 1 minute. Stir in water and lentils; bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 35 minutes or until lentils are tender. Stir in lime  juice, cilantro, and salt. Serve 1 cup lentil mixture with 1 cup rice.
Name:My Thai Sesame Noodles	Recipe:Heat peanut butter in microwave for 20 seconds to soften. In a large bowl whisk together softened peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar, sesame oil, sambal oelek and honey (if using). Add spaghetti, green onions and sesame seeds. Toss well. Chill until ready to serve - or serve at room temperature. NOTE: Please adjust ingredients to suit your tastes.
Name:Creamy Chickpea Curry	Recipe:Heat oil in a large skillet over a medium high heat. Add onions and cook until they start to brown. Add garlic and curry. Stir-fry until garlic is soft and curry dissolved. Add chickpeas, Coconut Milk, and soy sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer 10 minutes. Add tomatoes, sugar, and lime juice. Simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in basil or cilantro until combined, and serve over rice.
Name:Pad Thai (Thai Stir-Fried Noodles)	Recipe:Boil noodles until just soft (do not overcook). Drain water and place noodles in separate bowl. Meanwhile, heat 3 Tbsp oil in wok on high heat. Add garlic, shallots, oyster sauce, chicken and stir-fry until cooked. Move mixture to 1/2 of wok and add eggs on empty 1/2 of wok. Cook eggs. Mix eggs and chicken. Add noodles, fish sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, black pepper and brown sugar, stirring quickly so that noodles do not stick together. Stir in bean sprouts, green onion and peanuts. Garnish with fresh cilantro and a quick squeeze of lime juice. Serve immediately, with Pad Thai sauce, as desired.
Name:Leftover Lamb Curry	Recipe:Using a food processor (if you have one), finely chop the onion, apple, celery and garlic. Melt the butter in a skillet and cook the vegetables until softened but not browned. Stir in the curry powder and thyme; cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the chicken stock and tomatoes; simmer for two minutes. Season with salt and pepper; add more curry powder if desired. For a smooth sauce, puree in the food processor and pour back into the skillet. Add the lamb to the skillet; cover and simmer until the lamb is heated through, about 10 minutes, adding a little more stock if the sauce is too thick. Serve over rice.
Name:Steamed Eggs (Kai Meung)	Recipe:Prepare a steamer over relatively high heat so you are getting plenty of steam. If eggs have been refrigerated leave them out a while until they reach room temperature. Steam eggs for 12 minutes. Allow to cool. I left at room temperature for 15 minutes or so and run under a little cold water just before cracking / peeling.
Name:Spicy Chickpeas	Recipe:In a large pot over low heat, warm oil and cumin; heat until cumin turns a darker shade of brown. Add salt, chili powder and lemon and pepper seasoning; mix well. Stir in tomatoes; once the juice begins to thicken add in chickpeas and mix well. Add in lemon juice and mix well; add onions and stir until they become soft. Remove from heat and place into a serving bowl; serve immediately.
Name:TSR Version of Islands China Coast Salad Dressing by Todd Wilbur	Recipe:Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and mix with an electric mixer until well blended and sugar is dissolved. Chill before serving.
Name:Rice Pilaf with Herbs	Recipe:In skillet, saute rice, celery, and onion in butter until the rice is browned. Place in a greased 2 quart casserole. Combine all remaining ingredients; pour over rice. Cover and bake at 325F degrees for 50 minutes or until rice is done.
Name:Bobby Flay\u0027s Chinese Chicken Salad W/ Red Chile Peanut Dressing	Recipe:Whisk together the vinegar, peanut butter, ginger, chipotle pepper puree, soy sauce, honey, sesame oil, and canola oil in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Combine cabbage, lettuce, carrots, snow peas, cilantro, and green onion in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to combine. Transfer to a serving platter and top with the shredded chicken, chopped peanuts, and mint. Drizzle with chili oil, if desired. Garnish with grilled lime halves.
Name:Aloo Gobi - Cauliflower and Potatoes	Recipe:Heat the oil in a large 12 to 14 inch skillet. When the oil is smoking, scatter in the fenugreek, fennel, cumin and red peppers. Stir once and add the cauliflower and potatoes. Stir lightly until coated with spices and oil. Turn heat down to medium. Add turmeric, ground coriander, salt and pepper. Sauté for 8–10 minutes. Add ¼ cup water and cover immediately. Turn heat very low and steam vegetables for 7-10 minutes (until tender). Sprinkle the garam masala over the vegetables, stir once and serve.
Name:Korean Vegetable-Beef Stir Fry	Recipe:Slice beef across the grain into bite-size strips. (If beef is partially frozen it is easier to slice). Combine green onions, soy sauce, garlic, sesame oil, sesame seed, red pepper flakes, sugar and pepper; add meat and marinate 30 minutes at room temperature. Drain meat, reserving marinade. Dissolve cornstarch in water and add to reserved marinade, mixing well. Preheat wok or large skillet over high heat; add 1 tablespoon oil, then add carrots and stir fry 3 minutes. Add broccoli and cauliflower slices and stir-fry 2 minutes (until vegetables are crisp-tender). Remove vegetables  and keep warm. Add remaining oil to pan. Add half the beef to hot pan and stir-fry 2-3 minutes (until brown). Remove beef and stir-fry remaining meat. Return all meat to pan. Stir marinade a little and pour into skillet or wok. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Stir in the vegies. Cover and cook 1 minute. Serve over hot rice.
Name:Chicken and Broccoli Thai Curry	Recipe:In a medium saucepan combine curry paste and coconut milk and heat. Just before boiling, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and simmer for 10-15 minutes. Serve over freshly cooked rice.
Name:Super-Easy General Tso Chicken	Recipe:Mix the soy sauce, water, hot sauce, sugar, boullion, and ginger in a saucepan and heat until boiling.  Cut the heat down and simmer while you prepare the chicken. Take your chicken and cut into bite-size cubes.  Now, at this point you can either use a boxed batter mix to add a coating on it (and deep-fry according to the box mix), or you can just stir-fry your plain chicken in a little oil until thoroughly cooked. Going back to your sauce, use the cornstarch in water to thicken it.  Then add your cooked chicken.  If you battered your chicken, it's ready to eat (don't leave the battered chicken too long before eating or it will get soggy). If you stir-fried plain chicken, use this time to simmer it awhile and prepare your veggies and rice. Serve this chicken over the veggies and rice.
Name:Teriyaki Chicken Drumsticks (Teriyaki)	Recipe:Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium high heat. Brown chicken pieces in hot oil. While chicken is browning, mix together the soy sauce, sugar, water, and ginger. Add the sauce to the chicken. Bring to a boil and then reduce heat to medium low and let simmer, uncovered, for about 20 to 30 minutes or until chicken is done and sauce has thickened. Turn chicken pieces occasionally during cooking process. Serve over cooked rice.(We use short grain "sticky rice" prepared in a rice cooker.). Serve excess sauce along side, people always seem to want more of it. To reduce the calories, skinless chicken may be used.
Name:Quick Chinese Fried Rice	Recipe:Boil 1 cup water and the rice, stir and let stand for 5 minutes covered. Melt butter in skillet. Add egg; cook until set. Add onion and rice; brown. Mix 1/3 cup water and soy sauce; add to rice. Simmer 5 minutes; serve.
Name:Shoyu Chicken	Recipe:Heat oil slightly in wok. Add garlic and ginger and stir until light brown. Add chicken pieces and fry until lightly browned. Add sugar and cook until sugar is melted. Add shoyu and wine. Bring mixture to boil. Lower heat, put cover on wok, and simmer about 30 minute Stir contents occasionally.
Name:I Can\u0027t Wait for Chole	Recipe:In large saucepan over medium heat, heat cumin seeds, bay leaf and cinnamon until very fragrant, swirling around to prevent burning. Add ginger and garlic, cooking until the smell of those fills the air, then add onions. Saute onions, stirring frequently, and adding drops of water to prevent sticking, until they are translucent. Add the tomatoes, coriander, turmeric, salt, and cayenne. Check for seasoning, adding more as you prefer. Bring to a boil. Add garbanzo beans (chickpeas), cover, and reduce heat. Simmer on low for 10-15 minutes. Stir in garam masala and lemon juice just before serving. Garnish with a sprinkle of chopped cilantro if you desire. Serve with rice, or Indian breads or pitas (breads are best warmed on a hot griddle).
Name:Indonesian Ginger Chicken	Recipe:Heat honey, soy sauce, garlic and ginger in small saucepan on medium heat for five minutes. Place chicken, skin side down, in appropriately sized casserole. Pour marinade over chicken and refrigerate overnight or for at LEAST 4 hours. Preheat oven to 350. Cook chicken, covered, for 30 minutes. Uncover, turn chicken pieces over, increase heat to 375, and cook for 30-40 minutes longer, basting occasionally. Make sure that the sauce does not cover chicken, and only reaches about halfway up. This will let the skin get crispy and gorgeously dark. I love this with rice (cooked with vegetable stock), fresh cilantro and lime juice, and mango salad (recipe posted). To freeze: Place chicken and sauce ingredients in a large freezer bag. Seal, label and freeze. To serve: Thaw in fridge and proceed with cooking directions.
Name:Empress Chicken	Recipe:Combine first 7 ingredients in a jar and shake vigorously. Store in fridge until ready. Mix chicken with 1/4 cup dark soy sauce. Stir in egg. Add cornstarch and mix chicken until coated. Deep fry in hot oil until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Place a small amount of oil in wok and heat to very hot. Add onions and peppers and stir fry 30 seconds. Stir in sauce mixture (shake again first). Cook until thick. If it gets too thick, add some water until desired consistency. Add chicken and cook until hot and bubbly. Serve over hot rice.
Name:Crab Rangoon	Recipe:Pick over the crab to remove pieces of shell. Use only about 1/2 t of filling for each wonton. Seal edges with beaten egg. (Make sure you squeeze out all the air or they'll pop open during frying and make a real mess)! Deep fry at 350º until golden brown and crispy. Blot on paper towels.
Name:Hibachi Chicken and Fried Rice	Recipe:Note: Cook the rice first, so that it has time to cool down before you fry it.  Cook the chicken and veggies at the same time in two separate skillets or woks.  Make sure to keep the chicken and veggies warm while you cook the fried rice and bean sprouts. Hibachi Chicken. Cut the chicken breast up into bit sized pieces.  Heat the vegetable oil and sesame oil in a large skillet or wok on medium high heat.  Add the chicken, soy sauce, butter, lemon juice, salt, and pepper to the skillet.  Sauté the chicken for 6-8 minutes or until no longer pink. Note:  Do not clean skillet.  You will reuse this skillet for the fried rice.
Name:Hibachi Veggies. Recipe: Cut the white onion into slivers.  Quarter the zucchini.  Heat the vegetable oil and sesame oil in a large skillet or wok on medium high heat.  Add the white onion, zucchini, butter, soy sauce, salt, and pepper.  Sauté veggies for 6-8 minutes or until veggies are tender. Note:  Do not clean skillet, you will use the same skillet for the bean sprouts.  The oil that is left over will be used for the bean sprouts.
Name:Hibachi Fried Rice. Recipe: Chop the onion.  Heat vegetable oil on medium high in large skillet or wok (use the skillet or wok you cooked the chicken in earlier).  Add the onion and sauté.  Sauté onion for 3-4 minutes or until almost tender enough to eat.  Add the bean sprouts.  Sauté for 1-2 minutes.  Move the vegetables to the side of the pan.  Add the eggs, lightly scramble as you add them to the skillet.  Once scrambled add the rice and butter.  Cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently.  Add the soy sauce and cook an additional minute.
Name:Hibachi Bean Sprouts. Recipe: Melt the butter in a large skillet or wok (use the skillet or wok that you cooked the veggies in earlier).  Add the soy sauce and bean sprouts.  Sauté for 1-2 minutes.
Name:Chicken Lettuce Wraps Like Pf Changs - Copycat	Recipe:(If you used dried mushrooms, cover mushrooms with boiling water, let stand 30 minutes then drain.) Cut and discard woody stems from mushrooms. Mince mushrooms. Set aside. Mix all ingredients for cooking sauce in bowl, and set aside. In medium bowl, combine cornstarch, sherry water, soy sauce, salt, pepper, and chicken. Stir to coat chicken thoroughly. Stir in 1 teaspoons oil and let sit 15 minutes to marinate. Heat wok or large skillet over medium high heat. Add 3 TBSP oil, then add chicken and stir fry for about 3-4 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. Add 2 TBSP oil to pan. Add ginger, garlic, chilies(if desired. I leave these out), and onion; stir fry about a minute or so. Add mushrooms, bamboo shoots and water chestnuts; stir fry an additional 2 minutes. Return chicken to pan. Add mixed cooking sauce to pan. Cook until thickened and hot. Break cooked cellophane noodles into small pieces, and cover bottom of serving dish with them. Then pour chicken mixture on top of noodles. Spoon into lettuce leaf and roll.
Name:Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce With Chicken and Rice Noodles	Recipe:Sauce: Combine peanut butter, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, oils, vinegar and honey in sauce pan.  Simmer, covered, on low heat for 5-10 minutes or until hot, stirring occasionally.   Chicken: Cut and sauté chicken breasts over olive oil, adding vegetables when chicken is almost finished cooking.  Add salt and pepper to taste.   Noodles: Cook rice noodles in water with salt, according to package instructions. Serve chicken/vegetables over noodles with sauce poured generously on top.
Name:Niku Jaga (Japanese Beef Stew in the Crock Pot)	Recipe:Put all into crock pot and cook on low 10-12 hours or on high 4-6 hours. Stir before serving.
Name:Chinese Restaurant Fried Rice	Recipe:Cook your rice (I use a rice cooker). You want it a bit on the crunchy side, so even though you might want to add more water, DON'T. Let your rice cool completely (I spread it out on a baking sheet and put it in the freezer if I'm in a hurry). You can even cook your rice the night before and let cool in the fridge. Heat a wok over high heat with 1 tbs. of oil. Add eggs and scramble until cooked. Add ham and peas and fry for about a minute.(You can add or omit any veggie/meat combo you want.). Remove omelet from wok. Clean the wok out a bit so the leftover egg doesn't burn while you're heating up your wok and oil again. Add remaining oil to the wok and heat over high heat until it is very hot. Add your cold rice to the wok and stir to coat every grain. (You can add some more oil if you want; it just depends on how greasy you like it.). Add your chicken stock to the rice; do it a little bit at a time to give the rice a chance to soak up the liquid. I'm not sure exactly the amount of stock to be added; I eyeball it because it seems to change every time. Basically, you want the rice to soak up the flavor, but you don't want to put in too much as it will end up quite sticky. Stir fry for a while, stirring constantly until there is no liquid left, then chop up your omelet and add it, along with the soy sauce and salt. Stir. You can add more or less soy sauce and salt according to your taste. NOTE: In this case, the salt is simply to enhance the flavor of the dish, not to make it salty. And remember that soy sauce is salty in itself--unless you use the salt-free or low-salt type. (It is an MSG substitute.). Enjoy! It's the best homemade fried rice you'll ever make!
Name:Easy Chinese Corn Soup	Recipe:In a saucepan combine the creamed corn and broth; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. In a small bowl or cup whisk the cornstarch and water; add to the simmering corn soup and continue to cook for about 2 minutes or until thickened. Gradually add the beaten eggs while stirring or whisking the soup constantly. Add in the corn niblets (if using) and heat though. Season with salt and pepper. Serve and enjoy!
Name:Falafel With Taratoor Sauce	Recipe:Place chickpeas in a large bowl, cover generously with water and soak overnight (at least 12 hours and up to 24). Drain chickpeas.  Add onion, garlic, bread, parsley, and red sweet pepper.  Run through the fine blade of a meat grinder.  (You may process in food processor until mealy.) Add spices, flour, 10 mL (2 tsp) baking powder and water.  Mix well. In a small dish mix the remaining baking powder and water.  Use it to moisten the palm of your hands and form balls of the chickpea mixture the size of walnuts, then flatten a bit (basically a slightly flattened meatball shape). Deep fry in oil at medium high heat until golden brown. Serve piping hot (these can be made ahead and frozen- rewarm in the oven). Serving Suggestion:  Using a 6-inch Arabic pita bread, lay 4-5 falafel (this depends on how big you've made them) down the length of the pita.  Turn the pita over the falafel and using the heels of your hands, smoosh down on the falafels (not so hard that you totally melt them, but hard enough to flatten them somewhat).  Open the pita again and add fixings of your choice.  We like slices of tomato, dill pickle and a hearty sprinkle of parsley and LOTS and LOTS of fresh spearmint.  Dress with sauce.  Roll up as in a sandwich wrap and enjoy an extremely flavourful sandwich! For Taratoor Sauce: In a deep bowl beat the tahini with the crushed garlic and lemon juice until creamy.  Add water bit by bit, beating well after each addition If using blender put all the ingredients in and blend.  Add salt and parsley and stir.  Taste and add more lemon juice if needed - the sauce should be tangy. Refrigerate until ready to use.  This is also a great dip for crudites.
Name:Indian Spiced Rice	Recipe:Cook green onion in butter in a saucepan until tender but not brown. Stir in rice, salt garam masala, red pepper and garlic. Cook and stir over medium heat for 1 minute. Add water. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 15 minutes; do not lift lid. Remove saucepan from heat. Let stand covered for 10 minutes. To freeze: Place prepared rice in freezer bag. Seal, pushing out as much air as possible, label and freeze. To serve: Thaw in fridge. Place in baking dish and add 1 T.water for each cup of rice. Stir and reheat at 300 degrees for 35-40 minutes.
Name:Noodle Salad with Peanut-Lime Vinaigrette	Recipe:To make dressing: In a food processor, process everything except the oil. Slowly drizzle in the oil until emulsified. Scrape into a bowl and wait for half an hour for the flavours to develop. To make salad: Toss all together, dress with just enough dressing to moisten and flavor, and garnish with scallions, red bell pepper and peanuts. Serve at room temperature.
Name:Beef and Broccoli	Recipe:In a mixing bowl, mix together soy sauce, pepper, Sambal Oelek, sesame oil and corn starch. Add sliced beef, coat well and let marinate for 15 minutes. In a WOK, heat 2 tablespoons of peanut oil until smoke begins to rise. Add broccoli florets and salt, stir well. Now add 1/2 cup of water, cover with a lid and cook on high heat for 3 - 4 minutes or until steam starts to escape from the edge of the lid. Remove broccoli and any liquid to a bowl. Reheat WOK to high heat, add the remainder 2 tablespoons of peanut oil. When hot, add garlic and brown for 1 minute, stirring often. Add sliced beef and marinade and stir-fry until the color of meat changes, about 1 minute. Return broccoli and liquid to the Wok and mix; stir-fry for 30 seconds. Serve hot.
Name:Chinese Style Fried Pork Chops	Recipe:Tenderize meat pork with a meat mallet.  If you're short on time, pound to at least 1/4 inch thickness or thinner. Mix together all the ingredients except cornstarch and oil and pour over pork.  Allow to marinate for 30 minutes.  (I've marinated it as long as 1 day and as little as 10 minutes.). Just before frying, pour cornstarch on top of pork and stir into marinade. Heat enough oil in a large skillet to cover bottom.  Place pork in pan when oil begins to shimmer.  Cook pork chops over med-high heat until cooked through.
Name:Soupa Avgolemono (Egg-Lemon Soup)	Recipe:Bring broth to boil in saucepan, and add rice or orzo. Cover and cook on medium low heat for 20-25 minutes (rice) or 10 minutes (orzo). While the rice cooks, lightly beat the eggs and the lemon juice together. Remove the broth from heat. Slowly mix about one cup of the hot broth into egg-lemon mixture. Add to the soup gradually while stirring. Place saucepan back on the heat, and stir until soup is heated through  (DO NOT BOIL). Serve.
Name:Ginger Yogurt	Recipe:In a bowl, combine yogurt, marmalade, brown sugar, and lemon juice; mix thoroughly. Cover and refrigerate for several hours to blend flavors. To serve, spoon into 4 dessert dishes.
Name:Persian Tomato and Cucumber Salad (Salad Shiraz)	Recipe:Chop all the vegetables (tomato, cucumber and onion) finely. Mix chopped vegetables with parsley, lemon juice and olive oil. Salt to taste.
Name:Sesame Bok Choy	Recipe:Wash bok choy.  Cut stems AND tops into about 1-inch pieces. In a large bowl, combine last 7 ingredients and mix well. Add bok choy to the dressing and toss to coat. Place in a hot wok or large pan and stir-fry over med-high heat for about 8 minutes or until desired tenderness is reached.
Name:Weeknight Thai Beef (1 Pan \u0026 3 Carbs!)	Recipe:Start 6 servings of white rice cooking according to package directions. Whisk together broth, peanut butter, soy sauce and lemon pepper in small bowl- set aside. Heat large nonstick skillet on medium high-heat until hot, then add beef, onion powder, garlic powder and pepper to taste- cook and stir 5 to 7 minutes or until no longer pink. Add green pepper and cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes or until tender- reduce heat to medium. Stir in peanut sauce until well blended, and sprinkle with green onions (optional). Serve over hot rice- Enjoy!
Name:Perfect Steamed Rice Every Time	Recipe:WASH THE RICE: Rinse under running water, rubbing the grains together between the palms of your hands; continue this rinsing until the water runs fairly clear. THIS WILL TAKE A COUPLE MINUTES; DON'T RUSH THIS MOST IMPORTANT STEP! Place rice in a covered sauce pan; add water to 1/2-inch above the rice; put on high heat. Stay in the area -- don't fall asleep -- PAY ATTENTION! As soon as it boils rapidly, reduce heat to medium/low and keep simmering for 10 minutes. DO NOT PEEK. DO NOT OPEN THE LID. Remove pot from burner but STILL DO NOT OPEN THE LID; let the rice rest undisturbed for five minutes. Fluff the rice with a pair of chopsticks before serving.
Name:Hummus	Recipe:Place all ingredients in food processor and blend until smooth, adding more lemon if necessary to obtain desired consistency.  The blending can take as long as 3-4 minutes  Be patient it comes out better! I have made this a lot lately and I have come to learn that I must follow the directions EXACTLY especially with the Tahini paste. Refrigerate for several hours. May be made a week ahead of time. Serve with Pita Bread or Pita Chips or your fingers.  They all taste great with it!
Name:Ginger Glazed Mahi	Recipe:Mix all ingredients in a ziploc bag and add fish.  Leave in fridge to marinate for up to 2 hours. Preheat oven to 400. In an oven safe skillet, heat 1 Tbsp olive oil on medium high heat. Place fish in skillet, but be careful--it will splatter a bit. Leave the fish to sizzle away for 5 minutes. Flip the fish over and place entire pan in the oven for 15 minutes. Enjoy.
Name:Sweet and Tangy Flank Steak (Oamc or Make Ahead)	Recipe:Mix together all ingredients except steak together in a bowl.  Fold steak into thirds, placing outer edges towards the center.  Place steak into a resealable freezer bag.  Add marinade and squish around so that all of the steak surface is covered.  Place into a second bag, seal and label. Freeze steak for up to 2 month. To prepare, remove 2 days ahead and defrost in the fridge. To prepare, pre-heat grill or broiler. Remove steak from bag and pour sauce into a small sauce pan. Bring sauce to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Grill or broil steak for 5 minutes per side or until steak reaches 135 degrees. Remove steak from heat and allow to rest for 5 minutes before slicing. To serve, thinly slice steak across the grain and spoon a bit of sauce on top. (if you are not preparing this as a make ahead meal, marinade meat for 2 to 4 hours before cooking.).
Name:Sweet and Sour Chicken Wings	Recipe:Heat 1/2" of oil in frying pan. Dip chicken parts first in eggs and then in cornstarch. Brown both sides in hot oil. Place in single layer in large baking dish. Heat sauce ingredients in pan until sugar and bouillon cubes have melted. Pour sauce over chicken pieces in dish. Bake in 375° oven for 45 min to 1 hour.  Turn over wings 1/2 way through cooking time.
Name:Vietnamese Spring Rolls	Recipe:Combine all ingredients except wraps and oil in a bowl. On a damp tea towel, place a wrap, and fill with a couple of tablespoons of the pork mixture in a sausage like shape at one end of the wrap. Fold sides in, then begin rolling spring roll at the mixture side. Seal roll by moistening edge with water. Heat oil over medium-high heat. Fry rolls, turning frequently until cooked through and golden, about 5-7 minutes. Drain on paper towels, and serve with Spring Roll Sauce (Nuoc Mam). Keep warm in heated oven. Note: The spring rolls may be made ahead, and frozen, and then fried when thawed. Spring rolls may be kept in fridge until ready to fry too, up to a day or two in advance. Ground chicken may be substituted for the pork, and chopped shrimp may also be added for a special flavor combination.
Name:Pork Chop Suey	Recipe:If you have a pressure cooker, it does wonders in tenderizing the pork. Cut pork into 1/2 inch cubes. Slice celery thin on diagonal. Slice onion into long slivers. Slice mushrooms into small hunks. Open cans of broth and bean sprouts. Mix corn starch into water. Heat oil in deep pan (pressure cooker or dutch oven), add butter and heat until it begins to bubble. Add pork cubes; don't stir for approximately 2 minutes to permit the pork to brown. Stir and add onion, celery, then mushrooms. Sprinkle in white pepper. Let cook over medium heat, stirring often, until celery and onion slivers are tender. Add chicken broth, soy sauce and bean sprouts. Now add the molassas, and stir. Taste for proper balance of sweet and salt flavor, adding more soy sauce or more molassas to balance flavor. Cover pot and simmer for at least an hour. If using pressure cooker, bring up to slow rocking pressure, and cook for 10 minutes. Let cool on its own, then remove cover and let simmer slowly for about 20 minutes. When pork is totally tender, and you have the proper sweet/salt flavor, mix corn starch into water and add to pot. Bring up heat just to the boil while stirring. Lower heat and let "cook" for about 15 minutes. Serve over long grain rice: 1 cup rice, 2 cups water, pinch of salt; bring to boil then cover and set on lowest heat setting for 25 minutes. I've made this chop suey for the past 45 years (yes, I'm an"older gal":). The chop suey freezes well. Enjoy!
Name:Sesame Spinach	Recipe:Bring pot of lightly salted water to boil. Add spinach, remove as soon as leaves turn bright green (will shrink significantly). Immediately rinse with cold water. Drain and squeeze out as much water as possible (best to grab handful and squeeze like a ball) Place spinach in bowl with sauce mixture and toss well.
Name:Armenian Nutmeg Cake	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 inch square pan, and line with baking paper if desired. Combine flour, baking powder and salt, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. You can do this with the tips of your fingers or in your food processor. Then add sugar, and combine. Press half this mixture evenly over the base of the prepared cake pan, and reserve other half. Dissolve baking soda in milk (or sour cream), add beaten egg and nutmeg, then add to reserved mixture. Combine well. Pour into pan and sprinkle nuts, and some cinnamon if desired, over top. Bake in oven for 45 minutes to 60 minutes (start testing for doneness with a skewer after about 45 minutes). Allow to stand for 10 minutes before turning onto a wire rack to cool.
Name:Swiss Chard, Stir Fried, with Feta Cheese	Recipe:In a wok heat the oil (medium heat). Add shallots; stir fry 1 minute or until just beginning to brown. Add Swiss Chard, toss and cover. Cook 2 minutes. Remove cover and cook about another minute. If there is any liqiud drain it off. Stir in the Feta cheese, cook 30 seconds or until it starts to melt. Add Pine nuts and season. Serve immediately.
Name:Mandarin Chicken	Recipe:Spray chicken breasts with vegetable oil spray. Grill chicken breasts 4-6 minutes per side or until done (chicken should be brown in spots). Chop chicken into bite size pieces, set aside. Combine sugar, soy sauce, lemon juice, oil, garlic and ginger in a small saucepan. Heat over medium until sugar is dissolved, stirring often. Bring to boil. Combine cornstarch and water. Add to sauce pan, stirring often. Reduce heat and simmer 4-6 minutes or until sauce thickens. Pour chicken into a large frying pan over medium heat. Heat until chicken sizzles, then reduce heat and pour sauce over the chicken. Heat through. Serve over white rice.
Name:Roast Duck	Recipe:Wash and dry duckling. Combine remaining ingredients and brush inside and out over duckling; let stand for 1 hour, turning occasionally. Preheat oven to 350°F. Roast for 2 hours, turning and basting with drippings occasionally.
Name:Szechuan Style Eggplant (Aubergine)	Recipe:Cook eggplant in 2-3 tbsp oil in a large deep skillet until tender (add a little more oil or water if necessary- it will cook down with the amount of oil stated but with a nicely hot wok, there may be a little smoke involved, but don't worry, turn on the hood exhaust because it just adds to the flavor). While eggplant is cooking, mix soy sauce, sugar, and broth together in a small bowl till sugar dissolves. Remove eggplant from skillet when cooked and keep warm. Heat garlic, red pepper flakes, and ginger in 1 tbsp oil until aromatic. Stir in the water chestnuts and half of the scallions along with the eggplant and the soy sauce mixture. Stir and cook until the soy sauce is absorbed into the eggplant (this may take several minutes). Add the vinegar, sesame oil, and remaining scallions, stirring to mix. Serve hot, garnished with sesame seeds.
Name:Chicken Wings With Thai Sweet \u0026 Hot Chili Glaze	Recipe:Make the glaze, in a small bowl, whisk the  sauces, sesame oil and ginger together. Trim excess skin from the edges of the wings.  Lightly brush or spray with the oil, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the chicken wings over Direct Medium heat until the skin begins to crisp, about 10 minutes, turning once or twice.  Brush the wings with the glaze and continue to grill until the meat is no longer pink at the bone, 8 to 10 minutes, turning and brushing with the glaze 2 or 3 times.  Serve warm.
Name:Vietnamese Dipping Sauce (Nuoc Cham)	Recipe:Peel carrot lengthwise with a vegetable peeler. Stack carrot slices and cut into very fine long julienne strips.  In a bowl, mash the garlic with the sugar. Add remaining ingredients and carrot slices and mix well.
Name:Teriyaki Marinade	Recipe:This is really good using a thick London Broil thinly sliced across the grain. Mix ingredients well. Place meat and sauce in gallon ziplock bag. Refrigerate and marinade for several hours or overnight. Grill meat. Boil remaining sauce and pour over the cooked meat or use it as a dipping sauce.
Name:Mom\u0027s Thai Fried Rice	Recipe:Heat peanut oil in a wok or large skillet over medium high heat. While pan is warming, toss the cold rice with your hands, making sure to separate the grains from any clumps. Add the garlic to the heated wok, and toss until fragrant and slightly golden. Add chicken, beef, or pork and stir fry for about 1 minute. Push the meat and garlic up the sides making a well in the middle and add eggs. Scramble eggs for 1 minute in middle of pan then, add green onions and peas and incorporate all ingredients together, stir frying for another minute. Add rice, turning over rice with pan ingredients several times to coat and stir frying for 2-3 minutes. You want the rice to begin to have a toasted smell, making sure that all the ingredients are constantly being moved around the pan for even cooking. If your pan seems to have cooled down to the point where the ingredients are no longer sizzling, you may need to turn the heat up slightly. Sprinkle in the sugar and add the fish sauce and oyster sauce. Stir fry all ingredients together for one minute more or until sauces are absorbed and mixture is completely combined. Transfer to serving platter. Garnish plate edge with sliced cucumber, lime wedges, and additional whole green onions if desired.
Name:A.1. Pot Stickers With Chili Pineapple Dipping Sauce #A1	Recipe:In a large non- stick frying pan on medium high heat add 1 tablespoon olive oil, spinach, onion and salt & pepper.  Sauté until onions are tender and spinach is wilted. Set aside. To a large mixing bowl add ground turkey, garlic, ginger paste, 2 tablespoons A.1. Original sauce and the sautéed spinach mix all until well incorporated.   On a clean surface lay out wonton wrappers a dozen at a time place ½ teaspoon ground turkey mixture in the middle of each wonton.  Wet your finger fingers with water and brush a little water on the edge of wonton wrappers fold over the filling and with a back of a fork press wonton together to seal the pot stickers well repeat until you run out of wonton wrappers and filing. In two large nonstick frying pan add to each pan 1 tablespoons oil  on medium high heat when oil is hot add pot stickers to the pans fry 2 minutes turn and fry additional 2 minutes.  Add ¼ cup of water in each pan cover with lids lower heat to low and let pot stickers steam for 5 to 7 minutes. While pot stickers are cooking to a food processer add soya sauce, red chili pepper, remaining table spoon A.1. Original sauce, pineapple brown sugar, 1/3 cup water, cilantro and green onions pulse until combine into a sauce. Serve pot stickers warm with side of dipping sauce.  You may garnish with chopped chives.
Name:One-pot Moroccan Lamb	Recipe:Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Add the meat in small batches, and cook over a medium heat until well browned. Return all the meat to the pan. Add all the remaining ingredients (except the almonds) and season with pepper. Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer covered for about 1 hour or until the meat is tender. Garnish with the almonds, and serve with rice.
Name:Pumpkin Bread Pudding (Low Fat)	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Lightly oil a 2-quart casserole dish and set aside. Crumble the bread by hand or food processor to make bread crumbs. Combine the egg substitute, milk, pumpkin, brown sugar, cinnamon, spices and vanilla. Fold in raisins and bread crumbs. Pour mixture into prepared casserole and set dish in larger baking dish which has been partially filled with hot water. Bake 1 hours or until knife inserted in center comes out clean.
Name:Peanutty Sesame Noodles	Recipe:Whisk together the peanut butter, soy sauce, cayenne, crushed red pepper, olive oil, sesame oil and sugar until the mixture is thoroughly blended. Add the cooled noodles and toss to coat. Serve at room temperature, garnish with sesame seeds and sliced scallions.
Name:Fried Rice	Recipe:Beat eggs with ¼ tsp salt. Heat 2 Tbls peanut oil in large skillet over medium heat 1 minute. Pour in beaten eggs. Stir continuously until eggs are cooked dry and separated into small pieces. Remove eggs and set aside. Heat 3 Tbls peanut oil over medium heat 1 minute. Add green onions and rice. Stir-fry 5 minutes. Add chicken broth, remaining salt and soy sauce. Stir to mix well. Stir in cooked eggs, pepper and sesame oil and cooked pork (if desired).
Name:Indonesian Cucumber Salad	Recipe:Peel the cucumbers, cut in half and remove the seeds. Half them again and slice them up in approx 1/2 inch pieces. Mix with all the other ingredients, cover and put in the fridge for at least an hour. Take it out of the fridge and taste, if you want to, add more limejuice, sugar or sambal oelek.
Name:Authentic Chinese Pork Chow Mein	Recipe:Cut meat into thin strips. Combine 2 tbsp cornstarch with sugar, blend in 1 tbsp soy sauce and 2 tbsp oil; mix to blend. Pour over pork strips; toss well to coat, marinade in mixture for 20 minutes. In a wok or large saute pan heat 2 tablespoons shortening; brown the meat lightly on all sides in hot shortening (after browning the pork you may add in chopped garlic and saute for 2 minutes if desired). Add remaining 4 tbsp soy sauce and 1-1/2 cups water; simmer, covered on low heat for 45 minutes. Add in the celery and onions; simmer for 15 minutes more. In a small bowl, blend in remaining cornstarch with 1/4 cup water; stir into meat mixture. Add molasses, water chestnuts, bean sprouts and mushrooms; heat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with chopped green onions and toasted almonds.
Name:Thai Beef Pitas	Recipe:Crumble beef into large nonstick skillet and cook over medium heat.  Stir occasionally until browned, about 5-6 minutes. Drain well. Add  peppers, ginger, garlic, and red pepper flakes to skillet.  Cook until peppers are crisp tender. Whisk together in a small bowl peanut butter, cilantro, soy sauce, lime juice, and sesame oil.  Stir into beef and pepper mixture. Cut pitas in half and line with lettuce leave.  Fill each with about 1/2 cup of the meat mixture.  Sprinkle with green onions and serve.
Name:Chickpeas and Rice	Recipe:Cook water, rice, thyme, and bay leaf and set aside. Heat olive oil and half of the butter in a skillet and then add chickpeas. When chickpeas start to lightly brown (about 5 mins) add parsley and the sun-dried tomatoes and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add oregano, basil, salt, and pepper and cook for an additional 1-2 minutes. Remove from heat and mix rice and chickpeas together until rice is a golden color. Mix in remaining butter (cubed) and Parmesan cheese.
Name:Oriental Meatball Veggie Packets #RSC	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk cornstarch with soy sauce, vinegar, hoisin sauce, ginger, garlic powder and pepper. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine egg, evaporated milk, bread crumbs, onion salt, garlic powder and black pepper. Crumble beef over mixture and blend well. Shape into 1-inch balls. Tear off 4 12-inch pieces of Reynold's Wrap. Set 1/4 of the vegetables onto center of each piece of foil. Top each with 1/4 of the meatballs and 1/4 of the sauce. Fold foil over mixture and crimp edges to make packets. Place packets on a cookie sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 30 minutes, or until meatballs are fully cooked. To serve, place 1/2 cup rice on each of 4 serving plates. Open each packet over rice. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.
Name:Curried Red Lentils	Recipe:Rinse the lentils in cold water until the water runs clear. Add lentils and enough water to cover to a saucepan and simmer until the lentils are tender (about 30 minutes). Add water if necessary. While the lentils are cooking, caramelize the onions in the vegetable oil in a large skillet. Combine the curry paste, spices, garlic and ginger in a bowl. Mix well. When the onions are cooked, add the curry mixture to the pan. Cook over a high heat, stirring constantly for 1-2 minutes. Stir in the tomat puree and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook the curry base until the lentils are ready. When the lentils are tender, drain off any exceess water and add the lentils to the curry mixture. Combine thoroughly and serve immediately.
Name:Jasmine Rice	Recipe:Bring water, salt, and butter to a boil. Stir in rice with a fork. Bring back to a boil, then cut heat to simmer. Cover (do not take off lid to check on rice, or stir, you may get gummy rice, if you do!) and cook for 15 minutes.
Name:Hummus Without Tahini	Recipe:Put all ingredients into a food processor and blend until smooth. Chill in a covered container. Garnish with parsley. Optional ingredient: add a small clove of garlic when you process this in the food processor.
Name:Mattar Paneer	Recipe:Heat oil and fry paneer cubes till they turn golden brown. Set aside. In a separate pot, heat oil (or ghee) and mustard and cumin seeds, until they turn color and sputter. Add chopped onions, ginger and garlic and cook until onions soften. Add tomato, salt, sugar, and cook till the tomatoes soften. Then add garam masala, chilli powder, turmeric powder coriander powder and cumin powder. Add the water and stir it in, using your discretion depending on how dry the dish is. If you added too much water, just let it simmer away until much of it evaporates - you want your tomatoes soft anyway. Add the peas. Cook just until the peas are tender. Pour in the cream, mix, and add the paneer and let simmer on medium heat for the paneer to absorb the flavors. Garnish with cilantro.
Name:Broccoli Dal Curry	Recipe:Heat butter in saucepan and saute onions until well browned. Add chili powder, pepper, cumin, coriander and turmeric. Stir and cook, 1 minute. Add lentils, lemon juice, broth and coconut if using. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer for 45-55 minutes (if mixture is too thick, you may need to add a little hot water). Steam broccoli for 7 minutes. Plunge broccoli in cold water and set aside. Remove 1/3 cup of liquid from the lentil mixture. Add to flour to form a smooth paste. Return to pan; add broccoli, salt and nuts if using. Simmer for 5 minutes. Serve over Basmati rice.
Name:Indonesian Fried Rice (Nasi Goreng)	Recipe:Boil rice in plenty of salted water until cooked. Rinse, drain and spread the rice to cool. Do this at least two hours ahead, or preferably, leave overnight in the fridge. Combine eggs with sesame oil and salt, and put aside (see below). Heat wok or large frying pan over heat until hot. Add oil, and wait until it is very hot and slightly smoking. Add the onions, ginger, shrimp paste, garlic, and pepper
Name:Queso Blanco Dip	Recipe:Simmer all on the stove in a saucepan until smooth.
Name:Chile Verde Con Cerdo (Green Chili With Pork)	Recipe:Simmer roast in a large pan until meat is tender and removes from the bone easily. (You can also use diced pork, or pork cube steaks (cut to bite size pieces), browned in the pot with the onion and garlic before adding the rest of the ingredients). Cool meat enough to handle. Cube cooked pork into bite size pieces. Process 1/2 of the green chilies and tomatillos until smooth. In the same large pan, melt the lard or bacon grease (or heat oil). Add onions and garlic; sauté until tender but not brown. Stir flour into the onion, garlic and fat until flour absorbs the oil or fat. Add broth or water. Cook and stir until mixture comes to boil and is slightly thickened. Add cubed meat, drained tomatoes (if desired), chopped tomatillos, chopped green chilies, processed tomatillos and chilies, and jalapeños (if desired; I recommend tasting first). Add the spices a little at a time until you get the taste you like, bringing to a simmer before each addition. Simmer for at least 1 hour (longer if you can afford the time), stirring occasionally to prevent it from sticking to the bottom of the pan. If you want more of a stew type chili, add cubed potatoes 20 minutes before serving; serve with warm tortillas. Serve over burritos and garnish with cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream. Leave pork out for a vegetarian green chili sauce.
Name:Mexican Stack-Up #RSC	Recipe:Preheat broiler to high broil. Set the rack 6 inches from the heating element. Place the poblano pepper on a baking sheet and broil for 4 minutes on each side, or until the skin is blistered and rising up.Watch closely so you don't scorch your pepper. Remove from the oven and place the poblano pepper on a sheet of Reynold's Wrap aluminum foil and wrap loosely to allow the pepper to steam for 10 minutes. Turn the broiler off and preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Add olive oil to a large skillet and heat over medium heat. Add the green onions and cook for 1 minute, then add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the ground beef and cook until no longer pink. Drain all grease from the pan, using a paper towel to soak up any extra grease. While the onions and meat are cooking, remove the poblano from the Reynold's Wrap aluminum foil and let cool a bit. Peel the skin from the poblano and dice. Add the chicken stock, taco seasoning, cayenne pepper, diced poblano peppers, black beans, corn, cilantro, cream cheese and chives to the skillet. Cook while stirring until it is creamy. Taste and add salt and pepper as you feel is needed. Remove from heat. Choose a casserole dish that is at least 2 1/2 inches to 3 inches deep and can hold 2 stacks of 5 inch corn tortillas. Otherwise, you can make two separate casserole dishes. Spray with oil and place 2 corn tortillas (making 2 stacks!) in the casserole dish. Spread 1/4th of the meat mixture on top of the two tortillas. Top with 1/4 of the cheese. Repeat this step 3 times, ending with cheese. Loosely tent your casserole dish with Reynolds Wrap Aluminum Foil. Use no stick Reynolds Aluminum Foil if you are afraid your cheese will attach to the aluminum foil. Bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes. Remove the Reynolds Wrap Aluminum Foil and bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes. Let the dish sit for 5 minutes before slicing and serving. Enjoy!
Name:Texas Red Enchilada Sauce	Recipe:Melt butter/margarine in a sauce pan. Make a roux by browning flour in melted butter/margarine. Add spices and tomato paste; stir until well blended into roux. Add water gradually, stirring constantly. Heat until boiling. Continue simmering and stirring until desired thickness is achieved. Taste every so often and adjust spices as needed. Once desired consistency and taste is reached, coat the bottom of a pan with the sauce, add freshly rolled enchiladas, then pour the remainder of the red sauce over enchiladas. Place pan in oven and cook until enchiladas are done.
Name:Breakfast Burritos (Once a Month Cooking)	Recipe:Scramble eggs in large skillet until done; stir in cooked sausage and salsa. Warm tortillas in microwave 20-30 seconds or until warm and flexible. Place 1/2 cup egg mixture into tortilla; roll burrito-style. Freeze burritos in single layer on lightly greased cookie sheet. When fully frozen, wrap burritos individually; place wrapped burritos in large zip-top freezer bags; freeze. TO SERVE: Unwrap burritos from foil or plastic wrap that you used for freezing. Wrap in a paper towel. Cook in microwave until heated through (about 2 minutes). Or thaw burritos (remove plastic wrap if used in freezing), wrap burritos in foil, and bake at 350 degrees for ten minutes.
Name:Fish Tacos	Recipe:Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, cilantro and 2 tablespoons seasoning mix in small bowl. Combine fish, vegetable oil, lemon juice and remaining seasoning mix in medium bowl; pour into large skillet. Cook, stirring constantly, over medium-high heat for 4 to 5 minutes or until cod flakes easily when tested with a fork. Fill taco shells with fish mixture. Top with toppings.
Name:Shredded Chicken for Enchiladas, Tostadas, Tacos...	Recipe:Place first four ingredients in a pot. Add just enough water to cover the chicken. Bring to a slow boil, cover, lower heat to maintain a simmer and cook until done, about 20 - 25 minutes. If using a whole chicken; cook approximately 50 - 60 minutes. Remove chicken from pot, let cool and shred. (I cool my chicken in the refrigerator to be safe) If using a whole chicken; remove meat from bones and shred. Reserve broth. In a large pan, melt butter over low heat. Add the remaining ingredients listed, except tomato sauce, salt, and broth. Sauté until soft, about 10 minutes. Stir in shredded chicken and briefly sauté. Add tomato sauce and ½ cup of reserved broth. Salt to taste.
Name:Pico de Gallo	Recipe:Combine all ingredients; cover and refrigerate for at least an hour. This tastes best the same day that it's made, but is okay the next day.
Name:Easiest Beef Enchiladas Ever!	Recipe:Brown meat and onions in large skillet. Add 1 cup enchilada sauce and 1 cup cheese. Mix well. Put filling along center of each tortilla. Roll up and place seam side down in a 9x13 pan. Pour remaining sauce over. Sprinkle remaining cheese over. Bake at 350F degrees for about 30 minutes till cheese is bubbly.
Name:Mexican Casserole - 6.5 Weight Watcher Points	Recipe:Brown ground beef and chopped onions in large skillet; brown 10 to 12 minutes or until thoroughly cooked, stirring constantly. Drain well and rinse with warm water to remove all fat; return beef/onions to skillet. Add corn, black beans, tomatoes, chilies/jalapenos and taco seasoning mix; mix well. Reduce heat; simmer 5 minutes. Meanwhile spray 12x8-inch (2-quart) baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Cut each tortilla in half; place 8 halves in bottom of sprayed baking dish, overlapping slightly. Spoon half of beef mixture evenly over tortillas. Spoon sour cream over beef mixture; spread evenly. Top with remaining 8 tortilla halves and remaining beef mixture. (Cover tightly with foil & Freeze for later OR cook as directed below…). (Thaw overnight if frozen) Heat oven to 350ºF. Bake at 350ºF for 25 minutes. Remove from oven; sprinkle with cheese. Cover; let stand 5 minutes or until cheese is melted. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro and serve with fresh chopped lettuce, tomatoes, salsa, black olives, etc… /. Makes 6 large Servings at 6.5 weight watcher pts/each.
Name:Streamlined Chimichangas	Recipe:Preheat oven to 475 degrees. Brown meat with onion and garlic. Drain, but do not rinse. Stir in picante sauce, cumin, oregano and salt. Simmer 5 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated. Brush one side of the tortillas with butter. On unbuttered side spoon heaping 1/3 cup of meat mixture into center. Fold 2 sides over filling, fold ends down. Place seam side down in a 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. Bake for 13 minutes or until golden brown. To serve, top with sour cream, guacamole and additional picante sauce.
Name:Red Chili Sauce (To Be Used With Traditional Tamales)	Recipe:Remove stems and seeds from dried chili peppers. Place peppers in a single layer on a baking sheet. Roast in 350°F oven for 2 to 5 minutes or until you smell a sweet roasted aroma, checking often to avoid burning. Remove from oven and soak in enough hot water to cover for about 30 minutes or until cool. Put peppers and 2 1/2 cups of the soaking water into a blender (save the remaining soaking water). Add garlic, cumin and salt. Cover and blend until smooth. In a 2-quart sauce pan, stir flour into oil or melted shortening over med heat until browned. Carefully stir in blended chili mixture. Simmer uncovered for 5 to 10 minutes or until slightly thickened. (If sauce gets too thick, stir in up to 1 cup of the remaining soaking water until you reach the desired thickness) Use this sauce for traditional tamales, recipe #15286. Note: When working with chilies, use rubber gloves to protect your skin, and avoid contact with your eyes. Wash hands throughly with soap and water to remove all of the chili oils.
Name:Mexican Enchilada Sauce	Recipe:Combine all dry ingredients in a small bowl. Stirring constantly, slowly add enough of the water to make a thin paste. Pour into pan and add rest of water. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens. Stir in tomato sauce. Use in your favorite enchilada recipe. The amounts on the ingredients are very flexible. For instance, if I am feeding my kids who do not like"spicy", I will halve the chili powder and double the tomato sauce. Experiment to suit your taste, but don't leave out the cocoa. For a quick meal, we will soften a corn tortilla in a bit of hot oil, drag it through the sauce, and lay it flat on a plate. cover it with grated cheddar cheese, sprinkle with chopped onions and sliced black olives. Then cover with another softened sauced tortilla and melt the cheese in the microwave for 1 minute on high.
Name:Black Bean and Tortilla Bake	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350* F. Spray a large skillet with cooking spray. Add garlic, onions, tomato, green onion, cumin, and chili powder. Cook on medium heat until onion is tender. Add tomato sauce and cook 5 minutes more. Stir in beans, cilantro, salt and pepper. Spray a 9 inch square baking dish with cooking spray. Layer 4 tortillas, 1/3 cheese, and 1/3 of the bean mixture; repeat 2 more times. Top with reserved 2 tablespoons of cheese. Bake 20 minutes, covered, then 10 minutes uncovered or until bubbly.
Name:The Best Chicken Tortilla Soup	Recipe:In dutch oven, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the tortillas, garlic, cilantro and onion, cooking for 2-3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bringing to a boil. Add cumin, chili powder and bay leaves. Add chicken stock and return to a boil. Reduce heat. Add salt and cayenne and simmer for an additional 30 minutes. Remove bay leaves and stir in shredded chicken. Garnish with Monterrey Jack cheese and avocado, and sour cream and fried tortillas if desired.
Name:Wet Burritos	Recipe:Brown ground beef, onion, and garlic, making sure to chop ground beef into very fine pieces while cooking. Drain off any fat from browning. Add Worcestershire sauce, paprika, oregano, chili powder, cumin, pepper, and half of the can of tomatoes with sauce, and simmer for 5 minutes. While meat is simmering, heat beans with 1/4 tsp. cumin, and make gravy. For gravy, combine enchilada sauce, beef gravy, and the other half of tomatoes, and heat until almost boiling. Soften tortillas according to package directions. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Assemble burritos. On each tortilla, layer 1/4 of the meat mixture, 1/4 of the bean mixture, and 1/4 cup of cheese. Fold sides of burrito in, then roll from the other sides until you have a"package". Place seam side down in a 13x9 baking dish. When all burritos are assembled and in the baking dish, pour sauce mixture over all and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake 15-20 minutes until cheese is melted and burritos are heated through. Serve each burrito with extra sauce from pan spooned over the top. Have sour cream, chopped onions, salsa, jalapenos, chopped lettuce and chopped tomatoes available to sprinkle on as desired.
Name:Chicken Enchiladas	Recipe:Heat oven to 375°F. In small bowl, stir soup and sour cream together. Heat butter in saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and chili powder, cook until onion is tender. Stir in chicken, green chilies, and 3 TBS of soup mixture. Spread 1/4 cup mix along center of each tortilla. Roll, place seam side down in 12x8 baking dish. Spread remaining soup mixture over enchiladas. Bake, covered, for 15 minutes. Uncover, sprinkle with cheese, and bake 5 minutes more.
Name:Chipotle Roast for Tacos \u0026 Sandwiches	Recipe:Place chuck roast in large crock pot and sprinkle with the salt and pepper, chili powder and cumin. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer on high for 5 hours or on low for 7-8 hours. Shred the meat with a fork and simmer on high for additional 10-15 minutes. Serve in enchiladas, tacos or on crusty rolls with the juice for dipping.
Name:Chili Powder	Recipe:Mix'em up.
Name:Your Basic Quesadilla	Recipe:In a pan skillet large enough to hold one of the tortillas flat, melt ½ of the butter. Fry one side of one of the tortillas, then remove it from the pan. Put the rest of the butter in the pan, then put the unfried tortilla in to cook. Immediately sprinkle the cheese on top of the tortilla in the pan, then top with the previously fried tortilla, browned side up. Press them together with a spatula and fry the quesadilla until the cheese is melted. Remove it from the pan and cut in wedges like a pizza. Top with sour cream and/or salsa. Enjoy!
Name:TSR Version of Chili\u0027s Southwestern Egg Rolls by Todd Wilbur	Recipe:Preheat barbecue grill to high heat. Rub the chicken breast with some vegetable oil then grill it on the barbecue for 4 to 5 minutes per side or until done. Lightly salt and pepper each side of the chicken while it cooks. Set chicken aside until it cools down enough to handle. Preheat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a medium-size skillet over medium-high heat. Add the red pepper and onion to the pan and sauté for a couple minutes until tender. Dice the cooked chicken into small cubes and add it to the pan. Add the corn, black beans, spinach, jalapeno peppers, parsley, cumin, chili powder, salt, and cayenne pepper to the pan. Cook for another 4 minutes. Stir well so that the spinach separates and is incorporated into the mixture. Remove the pan from the heat and add the cheese. Stir until the cheese is melted. Wrap the tortillas in a moist cloth and microwave on high temperature for 30 seconds or until hot. Spoon approximately one-fifth of the mixture into the center of a tortilla. Fold in the ends and then roll the tortilla over the mixture. Roll the tortilla very tight, then pierce with a toothpick to hold together. Repeat with the remaining ingredients until you have five eggrolls. Arrange the eggrolls on a plate, cover the plate with plastic wrap and freeze for at least 4 hours. Overnight is best. While the eggrolls freeze prepare the avocado-ranch dipping sauce by combining all of the ingredients in a small bowl. Preheat 4-6 cups of oil to 375 degrees. Deep fry the eggrolls in the hot oil for 5-6 minutes and remove to paper towels or a rack to drain for about 2 minutes. Slice each eggroll diagonally lengthwise and arrange on a plate around a small bowl of the dipping sauce. Garnish the dipping sauce with the chopped tomato and onion.
Name:Salsa	Recipe:Combine all the ingredients and chill for 2 hours before serving with chips. The Cilantro is very important to this dish.
Name:Taco Bell Mexican Pizza Copycat Recipe by Todd Wilbur	Recipe:Cook the ground beef over medium heat until brown, then drain. Return meat to pan and add the salt, onions, paprika, chili powder and water. Let mixture simmer over medium heat for 10 minutes, stirring often. Heat oil in frying pan over medium-high heat. When oil is hot, fry each tortilla for about 30-45 seconds per side and drain on paper towels. Be sure to pop any bubbles that form when frying so that the tortilla lays flat in the oil. Tortillas should become golden brown. Heat refried beans. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Stack each pizza by first spreading 1/3 C beans on one tortilla. Next add 1/3 C meat, then another tortilla. Top the second tortilla with 2 T of salsa. Divide the tomato, cheese, onions and olives evenly and top in that order. Bake for 8-12 minutes.
Name:Chi Chi\u0027s Seafood Enchiladas	Recipe:FOR THE SAUCE: Melt butter in a 2 quart saucepan over medium heat. Add flour. Cook and stir for 5 minutes(should have a nutty aroma). Add 1/2 tsp white pepper. Stir in 2 tbsps lobster base and cook for an additional minute. Add milk & wine. Add 2 oz. of the cheese. Continue to cook until thickened. FOR THE CRAB MIX: Lightly chop the flaked imitation crab. Combine with shrimp in a medium size bowl. Add 1.5 cups of cold sauce. Mix well. FOR THE ENCHILADAS: Lay out the tortillas on a flat surface. Place 2 to 3 heaping tablespoons of the crab mix across the center of each tortilla. Place flap of the tortilla over the crab mix and roll. Place flap side down onto a plate or in your baking dish. Ladle warm sauce over the enchiladas. Top with remaining monterey jack cheese. Put into a preheated 425 degree convection oven for 12-14 minutes. In a conventional oven you may want to microwave on high for a minute or 2 before placing in the oven. Watch and do not allow to burn (brown spots). Sprinkle with paprika.
Name:Refried Beans	Recipe:In a large pan saute the onions and garlic to just translucent. Add the jalapenos and continue to saute until JUST beginning to brown. Add the beans, 2 cans rinsed and drained, two with juice. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for around 1 1/2 hours, adding beer as needed. You don't want the beans to dry out. If there's any remaining beer left drink it. Sometimes 2 cans are needed. Don't add salt until dish is done and taste first.
Name:Easy Crock Pot Salsa Chicken	Recipe:Place first four ingredients in crock pot. Cook on low 6-8 hours. 30-60 minutes prior to serving, remove chicken, shred and return to crock pot. To serve, use chicken mixture as filling inside tortillas. Add desired condiments.
Name:Tres Leches Cake	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350F and spray a 13 x 9" cake pan with cooking spray (Pam). Mix cake ingredients together and pour into prepared cake pan. Bake for 45-50 minutes until knife inserted in middle comes out clean. Allow to cool for 20 minutes. While the cake is baking, mix filling ingredients together and refrigerate. For frosting, whip cream until soft peaks form; blend in sugar gradually and add vanilla extract. When cake is done, allow to cool; then fill with milk filling. You can poke holes in the cake or use a flavor injector.(I use a syringe since I am a nurse). Frost with whipped cream and decorate.
Name:Mini Tacos	Recipe:Cook hamburger until browned. Drain the fat and stir in taco mix and 1/2 cup salsa/picante sauce. Simmer for 3-5 minutes. Press wonton wrappers into mini muffin cups. Spoon beef mixture in cups and top with the 3 tbsp of salsa and cheese, evenly divided. Bake in preheated 425°F oven for 8 minutes, or until the wontons are nicely browned. Serve with extra salsa, sour cream, olives and guacamole if desired. ENJOY!
Name:Chocolate Flan Cake	Recipe:Heat oven to 350ºF. Spray a large 12-cup Bundt pan with nonstick coating. Soften the cajeta in the jar in the microwave and pour into the prepared pan. Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Pour the cake batter into the cake pan over the cajeta. To make the flan: Pour condensed, evaporated and fresh milks into a blender with the cream cheese, vanilla and eggs. Mix well. Pour the flan mixture very slowly over the cake batter. Spray aluminum foil with non-stick spray (like Pam);. cover the pan TIGHTLY with aluminum foil. (Covering tightly is very important.) Set the Bundt pan into a large pan and set on the oven rack and slide into the oven. Carefully pour hot water into the larger pan to a depth of 2 inches (The Bundt pan will be sitting in 2 inches of water). Bake cake for 2 hours (test); do not uncover during this time. After two hours, remove cake from water and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Peel off the aluminum foil. Invert cake onto a large plate with rim. The cajeta will drip down the sides of the cake. Cool completely then refrigerate. Refrigerate leftovers. Note: Even though the flan is poured on top of the cake batter, it will sink to the bottom of the pan.
Name:Authentic Mexican Pozole	Recipe:This recipe requires a simple prep. Prepare the onion, peel the garlic, chop the onion, peel and chop the 2 garlic cloves, chop the green chilies and jalapenos if you are using them and get the hominy drained and rinsed. I boil my ancho chilies in a separate small pot for the garnish part(read below). Now you are ready to cook. Place the meat in a large saucepan and just cover with lightly salted water. Add 1/2 chopped onion, the 2 cloves peeled garlic, pepper, cumin, and oregano. Bring to a boil over medium heat, skim off any foam that rises, reduce heat, cover and simmer for 45 minutes. Remove meat and broth, reserving both. Saute the remaining chopped onion and garlic in oil until translucent. Add the remaining spices, stir for a minute. Cut the reserved pork into 1 inch cubes and add to the pan. Stir in the canned hominy, pork broth (if there is not enough pork broth, add chicken stock, I like to add it anyway for flavor, about 2-4 cups, eyeball the amount you like), green chilies and jalapenos (optional). Cook at a simmer, covered, for 45 to 60 minutes until the meat and hominy are tender. If necessary, cook for up to an additional 60 minutes until the chilies and onions are well blended into the broth. Degrease the stew, taste for salt, and serve in soup bowls. This is a delicious recipe and well worth the effort to make. Garnishes that are always served with are: lots of lime/lemon wedges. sliced radishes. chopped cilantro. Shredded cabbage(not red). fresh/ packaged fried corn tortillas. When my ancho chilies are soft from boiling(takes about 15 minutes), then i put them in the blender with 1 1/2cups of water, 1 clove of garlic and about 2 tablespoons diced onion, and about 1 tablespoons of salt and pepper. I blend this thin, then strain it to get the liquid separated from its "pulp". I throw the pulp into the soup for the flavor i like but you can discard if too spicy for you. The remaining liquid you put in a serving dish for guests to add in their own bowl, if desired. Beware! It's HOT!
Name:Taco Bell Taco Seasoning Clone/Copycat	Recipe:Combine and store in an air-tight container. Notes: To make taco meat, brown 1 lb ground beef in skillet; drain. Add seasoning mix and 3/4 cup of water. Bring to a boil then reduce heat. Simmer uncovered, 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Name:Southwestern Stuffed Bell Peppers	Recipe:Combine beef, onion, seasoning mix and egg in a large bowl. Add rice and mix well. Cut peppers in half lengthwise; remove seeds and membrane. Spread tomatoes on the bottom of an ovenproof 12 X 9 inch baking dish. The liquid from the tomatoes will reduce during cooking so if (like me) you like lots of sauce, add about a cup of water. This also helps make the peppers softer. Place peppers, cut side up, on top of the tomatoes. Spoon beef mixture into peppers, mounding as necessary. Top each pepper with salsa. Bake in preheated 375°F oven for 40-45 minutes or until beef is cooked thoroughly and peppers are soft. Cover each pepper with cheese and return to oven, under the broiler, until the cheese melts- less than a minute, so watch carefully! Serve with sour cream and additional salsa.
Name:Traditional Mexican Wedding Cookies	Recipe:Cream together butter and powdered sugar until light and fluffy; stir in vanilla. Whisk together flour and salt; add gradually to butter mixture; stir in chopped nuts. Chill dough if it seems too soft. Form dough into 1 1/4" balls and place onto parchment-lined or ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 400° for 10-12 minutes or just until the cookies start to turn light golden-brown; remove from oven and allow to cool slightly; while cookies are still warm (but NOT hot) remove them from baking sheets and roll, a few at a time, in powdered sugar until evenly coated; cool cookies completely on wire racks. Cookies may (optionally) be rolled in powdered sugar a second time once cooled to room temperature. NOTE: Forming dough into 1" balls will increase yield to 48 cookies.
Name:Veronica\u0027s Easy Spanish Rice	Recipe:In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add rice and onion and cook (about 5-10 minutes) stirring occasionally, until rice is golden brown and onion is tender. Stir in remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender.
Name:Flour Tortilla Recipe	Recipe:Sift the flour, salt & baking powder into a large mixing bowl. Into the dry ingredients cut in the shortening, or add oil if you are using this option, & mix with your fingertips to combine. Add the milk or water, working the liquid into the dough until a sticky ball forms. Wrap in plastic and let rest for at least 30 minutes. Divide the dough into 8-10 balls (for small tortillas) or 6-8 balls for larger ones, cover them again with the damp cloth. Lightly dust a counter or pastry board w/flour & roll out each ball of dough into a circle or oval approximately 1/4" thick. If you want nicely rounded tortillas, trim off any ragged edges & discard. Don't roll the dough out more than once or the tortillas will be tough. Heat a dry griddle or heavy skillet over high heat for 5 minutes. Cook the tortillas 30 seconds on each side or until the dough looks dry & slightly wrinkled & a few brown spots form on both surfaces. Do not over cook or they will be hard. Butter and roll up and wrap in damp tea towel to keep warm as you cook the other tortillas. (I place cooked ones wrapped in the damp towel in a low 200 oven to keep warm, while I am cooking the rest.) Serve warm.~~.
Name:Quick and Easy Chicken Enchiladas	Recipe:Boil chicken until it falls apart, then shred. Mix 1/2 can of sauce and a little cheese with chicken. Put other 1/2 can on bottom of 11x9 baking dish. Microwave tortillas until soft. Roll chicken mixture into tortillas. Put in pan semi-tightly. Cover with remaining 2 cans sauce. Cover top with remaining cheese and bake at 350 until cheese is fully melted (usually about 20-25 min). Brown top slightly or to preference.
Name:Mexican Stuffed Shells (Oamc)	Recipe:Brown ground beef and drain. Add seasoning, water, onion, and 1/2 cup of salsa and 1/4 cup cheese. Mix together remaining salsa, tomato sauce,and chili powder. Spread a thin layer of sauce on the bottom of a 9 x 12 baking pan. Fill each shell with the ground beef mixture and place in pan. Pour remaining sauce on top. Sprinkle on the rest of the cheese on top and garnish with green onion. Cover and freeze at this point. Defrost overnight and bake at 350°F for 30 minutes. (Cook from frozen for 2 hours at 300°F). If desired sprinkle additional cheese on top after baking and return to oven for 5 minutes longer or until cheese melts.
Name:7 Layer Bean Dip	Recipe:Mix avocados, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Mix mayonnaise, sour cream, and taco seasoning mix. Layer ingredients as follows. Bottom layer: Bean Dip. Second layer: Avocado mixture. Third layer: Sour cream mixture. Fourth layer: Tomatoes. Fifth layer: Onions. Sixth layer: Olives. Seventh layer: Cheese (I like to use Colby Jack cheese). Top with extra sour cream/olives/salsa, etc. if desired. Serve with tortilla chips. **This seems to be a little bit better if you can chill it for a few hours or over night to let the flavors intensify**.
Name:Taco Seasoning - Budget Friendly Seasoning for Tacos, Burritos..	Recipe:Mix all spices together. Store in airtight container. Will keep for 6 months to a year. 7 teaspoons of this spice mix is the equivalent of one 1.25 oz packet of store bought taco seasoning. This recipe makes the equivalent of 4 spice packets. To make tacos- mix 7 tsp (or 2 T and 1 t) to 1 lb ground meat that has been browned and drained of fat. Add 3/4 cup water and stir to blend. Cook til water has evaporated.
Name:Chipotle\u0027s Barbacoa Copycat Recipe	Recipe:To make the adobo sauce combine vinegar, limejuice, chipotles, garlic, cumin, oregano, black pepper, salt and cloves in a blender or processor on high speed until smooth. Remove most of the fat from the roast and then cut into large chunks (approximately 6). Pour oil into a frying pan and sear all sides of roast on medium-high heat until browned. Place meat into Crockpot and pour adobo sauce over meat. Pour in the chicken broth and add bay leaves. Cook on high heat 6 hours or on low all day. While still in the Crockpot, shred the meat with two forks and turn the heat to warm. Serve with hard or soft tortilla shells when ready. Typical sides include tortillas, rice, black or pinto beans, cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole, and sour cream. Don’t forget to make my 5 Minute Guacamole to go with it.
Name:Weight Watchers Mexican Chicken Breasts	Recipe:Place chicken breasts and taco seasoning in a seal able plastic bag; shake to coat well. Spray casserole dish with Pam. Place breasts in casserole. Bake 30 minutes at 375 degrees. Top with salsa about 5 minutes before breasts are done. Top with sour cream before serving.
Name:Black Bean Dip	Recipe:Process all ingredients except green onions and chilies in a blender or food processor until smooth. Stir in green onions and chilies and place in a serving bowl.
Name:Vegetarian Chili	Recipe:In lg pot, saute zucchini, onion, peppers and garlic in oil until tender. Stir in all remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Name:Addictive Mexican Stew	Recipe:Cook onion and garlic in oil in large saucepan until tender. Add cooked chicken, taco seasoning, tomatoes, beans, corn and chilies. Blend broth and cornstarch; add to saucepan. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes; stirring occasionally. Serve with cornbread for a hearty meal.
Name:Frijoles Negros (Cuban Black Beans)	Recipe:Fry the onion and pepper in a little oil. Add the garlic and saute a little. Introduce a little of the bean liquid until all previous ingredients are soft. Add the beans with the remaining liquid. Add spices and simmer about 30 minutes. Add the vinegar just before serving. These are quite good when served over a bed of rice seasoned with just lime.
Name:New Mexico Style Chili Chicken Casserole	Recipe:Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 9x13 dish with cooking spray. In a large pan, combine broth, chilies, onion, sour cream, salt, cumin, pepper, soup and garlic; mix well. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Spread 1 cup mixture in the dish. Arrange 6 tortillas over soup mixture (breaking to fit dish) and top with 1 cup chicken and 1/2 cup cheese. Repeat layers, ending with cheese. Spread remaining soup mixture over cheese. Bake 30 minutes or until bubbly. Note: If you prepare dish a day ahead, cover with nonstick foil and refrigerate. When ready to serve, bake 1 hour; uncover and bake 30 minutes more or until bubbly.
Name:Guacamole With Sour Cream	Recipe:Cut the avocado in half, scoop out the flesh with a spoon; mash 3/4 of it well and chop the remaining 1/4 coarsely (I do this with the spoon, in the avocado shell, before scooping the last bit out). Mix it into the mashed portion. Mix all remaining ingredients together. Serve immediately, or cover with plastic wrap, pressing wrap firmly to surface of guacamole (or it will turn color due to oxidation) and refrigerate up to 4 hours before serving.
Name:Chili\u0027s Fajitas by Todd Wilbur	Recipe:Combine the lime juice, water, oil, garlic, soy sauce, salt, liquid smoke, cayenne pepper, black pepper and either the sirloin OR the chicken in a Tupperware container, cover, and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. Discard leftover marinade. Grill meat over medium flame 4-5 minutes on each side. Cut meat into thin strips. Set aside and keep warm. Combine the 2 Tbls. water, soy sauce, lime juice, salt, pepper and olive oil. set aside. cook onion and peppers in oil until brown. remove from heat. pour reserved mixture over onions and peppers. combine meat, onions, and peppers.
Name:Enchilada Sauce	Recipe:Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add onion, oregano, chili powder, basil, ground black pepper, salt, cumin, parsley, salsa and tomato sauce. Mix together and then stir in the water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Use in place of canned enchilada sauce.
Name:Guacamole - Real Authentic Mexican \	Recipe:Slice avocados in half. Discard the seed. Scoop out of shell with a spoon. Place in bowl. Add juice of one fresh lime immediately to prevent browning. Use a fork and mash to desired consistency. Add chopped onions, tomato, and cilantro. Stir gently to mix ingredients. Add juice of second lime and then salt to taste. Stir just slightly, until incorporated. Add jalapeño to taste. Serve with your favorite tortilla chips for a dip, or use with your favorite Mexican dish. a side note: this is to make a chunky, yet creamy guacamole. Some people prefer to use a food processor with all the ingredients to make for a VERY creamy dip.
Name:"Aged Cheddar &#038; Guinness Fondue"	Recipe:Rinse chicken and cut away extra fat. Pat dry with paper towels inside and out. Place in shallow baking dish and rub softened butter all over chicken, tucking just a bit under the skin of breast. Season generously with salt and pepper outside and inside cavity. Stuff with garlic and lemon. Tie legs of the chicken together, slather sweet plum sauce all over chicken. Set breast side down. Let sit 30 minutes at room temperature. Preheat oven to 450F. Roast chicken 20 minutes. Turn breast side up, lower temperature to 375F and return to oven. Continue to roast another 60-70 minutes, brushing with additional sweet plum sauce towards the end. You may have to loosely tent with tin foil if skin is approaching maximum crispiness (i.e. don’t burn the skin.) Chicken is done when juices run clear as knife tip is inserted into chicken thigh. Thickest part of thigh without touching bone should register 170F. Let chicken rest 10 minutes before carving. Serve with a side of sweet plum sauce for dipping.
Name:"Grilled Whole Fish on Banana Leaf"	Recipe:1. Clean your whole fish: Have your fishmonger scale and gut the fish for you. Its a messy business to scale a fish in your home kitchen sink! Even though your fishmonger gutted the fish for you - here's an important tip. The lining of the gut area is very fishy tasting and smelling. Usually, the thin membrane is still attached. Just use the tip of the knife to scrape the tough membrane lining and pull it out. Sometimes the color is white, sometimes it is pinkish. After cleaning, with sharp knife, slash fish diagonally 3 times per side to allow it to cook more evenly (which I totally forgot to do in my photo).
Name:"On Air: Ancient Chinese Secret Fried Rice"	Recipe:1. <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Fry the sausage &amp; eggs</span>: Heat up wok or large saute pan on medium-high heat. Add 1 teaspoon of cooking oil and when hot, add eggs. Fry eggs gently until 50% done, remove and set aside. Wipe pan clean. Turn heat to medium-low and add Chinese sausage. Cook the sausage until the fat melts. Remove sausage carefully, leaving as much of the sausage fat in the wok/pan.
Name:"Steak Recipe: Turning Cheap &#8220;Choice&#8221; Steak into Gucci &#8220;Prime&#8221; Steak"	Recipe:1. Buy a good sized Choice steak. I like mine 1.25 to 1.5 inches thick. Any cut of steak: Filet, Sirloin, Rib Eye, Porterhouse, T-Bone and NY Strip - they all work. Though, please remember to get steak that you'd normally buy to grill. Don't go buying some weird cut like the cow armpit and expect it to taste just like a NY Strip. You can do this with steaks less than 1", just really watch your timing. If your steak is already superbly marbled - cut back on your timing and your salt! The fattier (more marbled) the meat is, the faster the salt works its way through the meat.
Name:"Steamed Mussels in Lemongrass Coconut Curry"	Recipe:1. Fry the curry paste: In a wok or large pot, turn heat to medium. When wok is hot but not smoking, add 2 tbl curry paste and the lemongrass (or lemon peel). Fry for 30 seconds to release its flavors. Add the clam juice, fish sauce, sugar and coconut milk. Simmer for 3 minutes. If you are using lemon peel, discard lemon peel. Taste the broth. If you want more heat, add more curry paste. In meantime, drain your mung bean noodles. The noodles should still be a little stiff.
Name:"Asian Lettuce Cups Recipe with Ground Turkey &#038; Green Apple"	Recipe:1. To fry the mung bean noodles, heat a wok or small sauce pan (something not too wide at its base. the smaller the base width, the less oil you will need to use) with about 2 inches of cooking oil. While oil is heating to 375F, use your hands to separate the strands of the mung bean noodle into small clumps. When oil hot, fry one batch at a time. It should only take 10 seconds to fry. Remove, drain on paper towels.
Name:"Pho Ga: Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Soup"	Recipe:Place oven rack on upper 1/3 position. Turn oven on to broil (low). Place ginger slices and roast for 10 minutes, until softened and browned.Fill a 12-quart, or larger, pot halfway with water. Bring to a boil. In the meantime, use the kosher salt to exfoliate the chicken, rubbing the salt all over the chicken to clean the skin. Rinse all of the salt off. Cut chicken into thighs, drumsticks, breasts, wings.When water is boiling, add the chicken pieces, including the 1 pound of wing tips/bones. Return water to hard boil and keep heat on high. Boil vigorously for 5 minutes. Drain water into sink, using a large colander to catch the chicken parts. Rinse each piece of chicken with cool water. Wash pot, scrubbing away any scum. Return chicken to pot, add in the roasted ginger and onion, add the coriander and cloves, and refill pot with clean water (about 6 quarts).Bring water to boil over high heat, then turn the heat to low to keep a steady simmer. Use a skimmer to remove any scum that arises to the surface. Simmer for 20 minutes, then remove the chicken breasts and thighs, and let cool for a few minutes. When cool enough to handle, remove and discard the skin. Remove the meat from the bone. Slice the meat and reserve for the bowls. Return the bones to the simmering broth. Continue to simmer broth for an additional 1 1/2 hours. While the broth is cooking, it's a good time to prepare the noodles, and also the herbs for the table so you have everything ready. When broth is done, use tongs or spider to remove the chicken parts, onion, ginger and spices to discard. Strain the Chicken Pho broth in a sieve lined with cheesecloth. Return broth to the pot. Season broth with fish sauce and sugar. Taste, and adjust with additional, if needed. Turn the heat to low, to keep the soup hot. Soak the dried rice noodles in hot tap water for 10 minutes. They'll soften just a bit, and become more opaque. Drain the noodles. In the meantime, bring a separate pot of water to a boil. Prepare the bean sprouts, basil, jalapeño, limes and sauces for the table.When you're ready to serve, prepare:You'll cook the noodles in batches. One batch per bowl. The noodles only cook for 20 SECONDS. Any longer than that, the noodles will overcook and become gummy. Add a batch of noodles to the spider. Lower the spider into the boiling water for 20 seconds. Lift and shake off excess water. Add cooked noodle to a bowl. Repeat for remaining bowls. Ladle Chicken Pho broth and add sliced chicken pieces into each bowl. Serve immediately. 
Name:"Chinese Steamed Fish Recipe"	Recipe:Equipment: shallow pan to hold fish &amp; large pot or wok for steaming. If you don't have a fancy steamer or steamer insert, take a shallow-ish bowl and invert to use as a stand. Or...3 shot glasses inverted.
Name:"Grilled Garlic and Rosemary Ribeye Steak"	Recipe:Your favorite steaks Rosemary sprigs + any other fresh herb (I used Parsley) Lemon slices Garlic cloves, chopped, smashed or use garlic press Glug of olive oil Salt &amp; Pepper 1. Season each steak, both sides with salt and pepper. I usually use 1/2 teaspoon of kosher salt per side on a large steak. I love salt. 2. In a bag, add all ingredients. Smish and smush a bit.
Name:"Korean BBQ &#8211; Kalbi &#038; Bulgogi"	Recipe:I get my meat from my local Asian market (the owner is Korean and he sells Kalbi and Bulgogi meat frozen. I defrost and marinate. Or you could go to your butcher and ask him to cut the short ribs for you. Instead of rib-eye, you could use thinly sliced flank steak or really any type of thinly sliced beef) - Combine marinade, some carrots/onion/green onion/garlic and Kalbi in large zip-top bag.
Name:"Tandoori-Orange Spiced Pork Chops"	Recipe:Ok, now look - a nice brown crust! Flip the chops, turn the heat to medium-low and let it finish cooking through (internal temp 125.) Timing really depends on how thick your chops are. Really thin chops - just a couple of minutes. Thicker chops - cover the pan after flipping to get more heat in the pan. Really thick chops - best to stick it in the oven after flipping, 375 degrees for 8-10 minutes. Check the internal temp. Remove chops from pan, let rest on plate while you make sauce.
Name:"Slow Cooked Salmon"	Recipe:1. Preheat to 250F.  Season salmon and let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes. &lt;- important. Otherwise the time in the oven will be devoted to un-chilling your salmon, instead of cooking it. Grab a pan big enough to hold all fillets in single layer. Make bed of whatever ingredients you've chosen.
Name:"Chipotle Skirt Steak Tacos &#038; The Parking Adventures of La Taqueria"	Recipe:Puree a single chipotle pepper (not the whole can) + 2 tsp of the adobo sauce with the onion, garlic, cumin, coriander, salt and pepper. Taste and add more chipotle if needed. Stir in the cilantro. Throw it all in a zip lock bag with the skirt steak for at least 2 hours. Grill medium-rare. Cut the skirt steak into thin strips across the grain. Serve with taco accompaniments.
Name:"Peking Chicken with Steamed Buns"	Recipe:1. Using the tines of the fork, prick holes through the skin and meat of the chicken. This allows for the marinade to seep through. Combine all the rest of the ingredients and marinate the chicken breasts for up to 4 hours.
Name:"Killer Cajun Shrimp &#038; Crawfish"	Recipe:The Shrimp or Crawfish: <br/>Just before serving, add and simmer until done (how long depends on how big your shrimp or crawfish are. start with 3 minutes for Shrimp and 7 minutes for Crawfish. Check and adjust with more time if needed)
Name:"Baby Back Ribs with Orange-Ginger Glaze"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 300. Pat the ribs dry and season both sides liberally with garlic salt and pepper. Place the ribs in a large roasting pan, overlapping is ok. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and place in oven. Roast 3 hours, up to 6 hours. If you are feeding less than 4 people, then check the ribs after 3 hours, they should be done.
Name:"Top a Steak Just Like Fancy Restaurants"	Recipe:Heat the butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute for 30 seconds. Add in the mushrooms, and saute for 2 minutes. Add in the broth, wine, cognac and demi-glace. Simmer until sauce is reduced in half and thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper (if using demi-glace, just season with pepper). Sprinkle with chives and pepper just before serving.
Name:"Roast Split Chicken with Lemony Artichoke Sauce"	Recipe:1. Preheat your oven to 475F. On your stove top, heat a large oven safe frying pan on high heat (big enough to fit the bird, and one that can withstand high heat in the oven. I prefer cast iron). Swirl in oil. While the pan heats up, make sure your bird is patted as dry as possible. When the pan is very hot - gently place the bird SKIN side down in the pan. Season the top of bird with salt and pepper. Immediately place the entire pan in oven for 10 minutes.
Name:"Garlic-Brandy Prawns"	Recipe:Rinse prawns, pat completely dry and marinate in cornstarch and 1/2 tsp kosher salt for 5 minutes. Heat your wok or large skillet over high heat. When wok is hot, add 2 tbl cooking oil. When oil is hot and just starting to smoke, add prawns. Fry until they are half-done, approximately 1-2 minutes. Remove from wok, leaving the oil in the wok.
Name:"Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Ka Gai)"	Recipe:Put the galangal, cilantro roots, lime leaves, lemongrass and 4 cups of water in a saucepan and bring to the boil. Add the fish sauce and lime juice, decrease the heat, and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove the cilantro and discard. Add the coconut milk, bring back to a simmer for a couple of minutes. Give the broth a quick taste. Too sour? Add more coconut milk or water. Not salty enough? Add a couple dashes more of fish sauce. Add <span style="font-family: inherit">the chicken pieces and cook for just a minute or so, until the chicken is soft and milky looking and cooked through. </span>Throw in the chili and stir. Serve in bowls with the cilantro leaves roughly chopped and scattered over the top.
Name:"Shrimp Pad Thai Salad"	Recipe:Make the dressing: In a blender, combine the vinegar, lime juice, nut butter, chile sauce, oil, and water, season with salt and pepper, and blend until smooth.Cook the shrimp: Toss the shrimp with the 1 tablespoon of cooking oil. Heat a grill pan over high heat. When hot, add the shrimp. Cook 2 minutes, then flip shrimp and cook an additional 1 minute, or until cooked through. Toss the salad: In a large bowl, mix together the greens, carrot, cabbage, cucumber, bean sprouts, and basil, add some of the dressing, and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.Transfer to a platter and top with the shrimp, additional dressing and the chopped nuts.<br/>
Name:"Miso Soup Recipe: 1 minute, 3 minute, 4 minute and 20 minute versions"	Recipe:Wipe the kombu clean with a paper towel. Add the kombu and water to a sauce pan. Bring to a boil over medium-low heat. When water just begins to boil, remove the kombu.Bring the kombu water to full boil. Add the katsuobushi all at once. Boil for 60 seconds. Turn heat off and let sit, undisturbed for 10 minutes. in the meantime, dice the tofu. Soak dried wakame in water until expanded. drain and discard water.After steeping katsuobushi, the flakes will sink to bottom of pot. Strain the katsuobushi through cheesecloth. Return dashi to a simmer and immediately turn off heat. Whisk in miso paste. When miso has fully dissolved, add tofu and wakame. 
Name:"Vietnamese Pho Recipe: Beef Noodle Soup"	Recipe:Set baking rack 8 inches below heating element. Turn oven to low broil. Place the onion and ginger halves, cut side up, on a baking sheet. Brush the halves with a little bit of oil. Broil until the onion and ginger slightly charred, about 10 minutes, turning half-way. Remove from heat and cool.Parboil the beef bones: Fill a large stockpot (about 12 quart capacity) with water and bring to rapid boil. Carefully lower in the bones. Boil vigorously for 3 minutes to release the impurities. Dump bones and water into a clean sink, and rinse the bones with water to wash off any clinging residue. Quickly scrub pot clean and fill with about 6 quarts of clean water. Return bones to pot. Add the charred onion, ginger, spices, beef, fish sauce, and sugar to pot.Bring water to boil over high heat, and lower heat to gentle simmer. Simmer, uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours.While simmering, use a ladle or fine-mesh strainer to spoon off any scum that rises on top.At this point, the boneless meat should be slightly chewy, but not tough. Use tongs to transfer the meat to a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Meanwhile, maintain the broth at a steady simmer for 1 1/2 hours longer.Strain the broth through a fine-mesh sieve (or a coarse-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth) positioned over a pot. Discard the remaining solids. Use ladle or fine meshed skimmer to skim as much fat as possible from the top of the broth. Taste and adjust the flavor with salt, fish sauce and sugar. There should be about 4 quarts (16 cups) of broth.If using dried rice noodles, cover them with hot tap water and let them soak for 15 minutes, or until they are pliable and opaque. Drain in a colander. If using fresh rice noodles, untangle them, place in a colander, and rinse briefly under cold running water.Cut the cooked beef across the grain into thin slices. Freeze the raw beef for 15 minutes, then slice it across the grain into very thin slices. Set all beef aside. Ready the raw onion, scallions, cilantro leaves for adding to the bowls. Arrange the garnishes on a plate and put on the table.To ensure good timing, bring the broth to a simmer over medium heat as you are assembling the bowls.At the same time, fill a separate large pot with water and boil. For each bowl, place a portion of the noodles on a strainer (or mesh sieve) and dunk the noodles in the boiling water for 10 seconds. Immediately pull the strainer from the water, letting the water drain back into the pot. Empty the noodles into a bowl.Top each bowl of noodles with cooked and raw beef, arranging the slices flat. Add a bit of raw onion, scallions, cilantro leaves to each bowl.The pho broth needs to be boiling hot, to cook the raw beef slices. Raise the heat of the broth to a boil. Do a final taste and make any last minute adjustments with fish sauce and sugar. Ladle about 2 cups of broth into each bowl. Serve immediately with plate of garnishes.
Name:"15 Minute Udon Noodle Soup with Miso"	Recipe:Cook the udon noodles according to the package directions, drain and set aside.In the meantime, in a medium pot, bring the stock to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and add the carrots and cook until the carrots are crisp-tender, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and snow peas and cook until slightly tender but still bright green, about 1 minute. In a medium bowl, add the miso paste. A<span style="font-family: inherit">dd a ladleful of hot broth. Whisk until the miso is completely dissolved, then pour the entire miso mixture into the pot with the soup. Do not boil the soup with the miso, as the miso will become gritty. Stir in the noodles and the green onions.</span>
Name:"Citrus Salad with Crispy Quinoa"	Recipe:1. To make crispy quinoa: Position a rack in the top third of the oven and preheat the broiler to high. Spread the cooked quinoa onto the rimmed baking sheet. Roast the quinoa for 5 minutes, stir quinoa and rotate baking sheet. Roast another 3 minutes, but check occasionally. The quinoa should be darkened, crispy but not burnt. Let cool a bit before tossing in the salad.
Name:"Pressure Cooker Ramen Noodle Soup"	Recipe:1. Bring a big stockpot filled with water to a boil (If your electric pressure cooker pot is stovetop-safe, feel free to use that instead of dirtying another pot.) Add in the ribs and the wings. Return to boil, let cook for 5-8 minutes at a hard boil on high heat. Drain and discard the water. Rinse the ribs and wings with clean water, getting rid of any scum clinging to meat.
Name:"Leftover Turkey Recipe: Chinese Congee (Rice Porridge or Jook)"	Recipe:1. Soak dried scallops and shrimp in 1 cup of hot water for 10 minutes. With your hands, separate the bones into large pieces (no smaller than 3"). In a large stockpot, heat cooking oil over medium-low heat. When hot, add carrots and celery and cook for 3-5 minutes until soft. Add turkey bones and water to pot.
Name:"Mom&#8217;s Chinese Chicken Soup"	Recipe:1. Soak dried scallops and shrimp in 1 cup of hot water for 10 minutes. With your hands, separate the bones into large pieces (no smaller than 3"). In a large stockpot, heat cooking oil over medium-low heat. When hot, add carrots and celery and cook for 3-5 minutes until soft. Add turkey bones and water to pot.
Name:"Vietnamese Pho Pressure Cooker &#8211; Paleo Friendly"	Recipe:5. Once finished cooking and safe to open, open the pressure cooker and using a fine mesh or ladle, remove the top layer of fatty liquid that has accumulated on the surface of the broth and discard (there will be lots of it.) Remove the onion, ginger and spice sachet and discard. Remove the meat to your cutting board. Shred the brisket using two forks. Remove any other meat from bone.
Name:"Kale Salad with Mushroom Omelet"	Recipe:3. While eggs are cooking, place the kale in a large bowl. Sprinkle with salt. Using massaging motion, rub the kale leaves together to break up and soften the kale.
Name:"Thai Fish Soup"	Recipe:In a wok or soup pot over medium high heat, add cooking oil and swirl to coat. When hot, add in the garlic, ginger, red onion, chili pepper, lemongrass, kaffir and gently cook for about 2 minutes to release the aromas and flavors.
Name:"Thai Hot and Sour Chicken Soup"	Recipe:In a pot, add the chicken stock, ginger, kaffir lime, lemongrass and chile slices. Bring to a simmer, cover, and then turn the heat to low. Let simmer for 10 minutes. Strain out and discard the spent herbs. (You can taste the soup at this point, if you would like it more spicy, keep the chile pepper slices in the stock and discard just before serving.)
Name:"Chicken Satay with Peanut Noodles"	Recipe:For the chicken satay: In a non-aluminum container, combine all ingredients together. Marinate in the refrigerator for 10 minutes or up to 24 hours. Heat the grill to medium-high. Skewer the chicken pieces on the soaked skewers and discard the marinade. Grill the chicken for 3-4 minutes per side, until cooked through. Serve the chicken warm with the peanut noodles.
Name:"Chinese Daikon and Carrot Soup"	Recipe:Bring a large soup pot filled with water to a rolling boil. Add pork and bones and let boil rapidly for 10 minutes. Remove pork and set aside. Drain and discard the water, clean the pot if needed. Fill the pot with new water to make the broth (approximately 4 quarts) and add in the pork, bones, shrimp, scallops, ginger, garlic. Bring to a simmer and then turn the heat to medium-low, or hot enough to just produce a gentle simmer for 30-40 minutes.
Name:"Pressure Cooker White Bean Chili Frito Pie"	Recipe:Sort beans by removing and discarding any foreign material or shriveled/discolored beans. Rinse beans with cold water. Add the sorted and rinsed beans to the inner cooking pot of the pressure cooker. Add the water and additional ingredients.
Name:"Cod in Garlic-Ginger Broth"	Recipe:Heat a wok or large saute pan over medium-low heat. Immediately add in the onion, ginger and garlic. Stir constantly and cook slowly for 3 minutes, until the onion is softened and all the aromatics are fragrant. Take care not to burn them!
Name:"Kale Salad with Cherries and Pecans"	Recipe:Optional step: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and spread the pecans on a tray. Toast them for 5 to 10 minutes, tossing them once or twice to make sure they toast evenly. Remove them from the oven and set them aside to cool.
Name:"Pork and Spinach Wonton"	Recipe:1. Squeeze as much water out of the spinach and discard the water (or water your plants!). Place the spinach and cabbage in a large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and mix well. Let sit for 10 minutes. In large handfuls (or a cheesecloth), squeeze the water out of the cabbage/spinach and discard the water.
Name:"Warm Asian Potato Salad with Sesame &#038; Fresh Chile Dressing"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 400F. Cut each potato in 8 wedges (if using red potatoes, you can either quarter or halve). Place on baking sheet and toss with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 minutes, then shake pan to move the potatoes around a bit. Roast an additional 15-20 minutes until done.
Name:"Tofu and Mushroom Miso Soup"	Recipe:1. In a sauce pot, bring the broth to a boil. Add in the tofu, mushrooms and the vegetables. While stirring the broth, slowly pour in the whisked egg. Cook for 2 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat.
Name:"Leftover Turkey Recipe: Turkey Gumbo"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Grilled Steak and Tomato Salad with Rum Vinaigrette"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Warm Bacon Potato Salad"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Shoko&#8217;s Sesame Chicken Salad"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Heirloom Tomato and Avocado Salad with Crispy Wontons and Spicy Cilantro Vinaigrette"	Recipe:1) Cut the wontons in 1/4” strips. Heat a large frying pan at medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and wonton strips. Toss well, then sauté for 2 to 3 minutes until they become golden-brown, continuing to toss occasionally. Transfer wontons to a paper towel and sprinkle with the salt.
Name:"Miso Ramen Recipe"	Recipe:Place the whole, un-cracked eggs in a medium pot and fill with water to cover eggs by 1 inch (2.5 cm). Turn the heat to high and when boiling, turn the heat off and let the eggs sit in the hot water for 10 minutes. Promptly use a slotted spoon (keep the hot water in the pot) to remove the eggs and peel the egg under cold running water. Slice each egg in half. If using fresh spinach: add the spinach to the hot water in the pot. Let sit for 1 minute. Use slotted spoon (keep hot water in the pot!) to remove spinach. Rinse spinach with cool water. Use hands to squeeze spinach leaves to remove as much water as possible. If using frozen spinach, defrost spinach, then squeeze leaves with hands to remove as much water as possible. To briefly cook the bean sprouts, add the bean sprouts to the same hot water in pot. Let sit for 1 minute. Use slotted spoon to remove bean sprouts. Again, keep the hot water in the pot! Return the same pot of water to a boil. Add the ramen noodles and cook according to package instructions (most ramen noodles only take 3 minutes to cook.) Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking.Divide the noodles, hardboiled eggs, bamboo shoots, corn, spinach and bean sprouts among 4 large serving bowls.In a large pot, add the stock, instant dashi and soy sauce. Bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the miso. Taste the soup and add an additional 1 to 2 tablespoons of miso if you’d like. Ladle soup into each bowl. Top each bowl with green onions.
Name:"Chicken Sausage with Apple Slaw"	Recipe:1. To cook the sausage, grab a large frying pan or saute pan with lid. Turn heat to medium and swirl in the cooking oil. When hot, add the sausage and cook until all sides are browned. Pour in the liquid, cover immediately, turn heat to medium-low and let cook for 3-5 minutes until chicken sausage is cooked through.
Name:"Black Eyed Peas with Ham &#8211; good luck for New Year&#8217;s!"	Recipe:1. Rinse the black eyed peas, pick through and discard anything that's not-bean. Soak in water overnight or place in pot with water, bring to rolling boil. Turn off heat and let sit in hot water for 1 hour. Drain, discard water.
Name:"Creamy Cauliflower Soup with Bacon and Gorgonzola"	Recipe:1. Rinse the black eyed peas, pick through and discard anything that's not-bean. Soak in water overnight or place in pot with water, bring to rolling boil. Turn off heat and let sit in hot water for 1 hour. Drain, discard water.
Name:"Cauliflower and Kale Salad (Cauliflower Tabouli)"	Recipe:1. Rinse the black eyed peas, pick through and discard anything that's not-bean. Soak in water overnight or place in pot with water, bring to rolling boil. Turn off heat and let sit in hot water for 1 hour. Drain, discard water.
Name:"Pho Ga: Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Soup"	Recipe:Place oven rack on upper 1/3 position. Turn oven on to broil (low). Place ginger slices and roast for 10 minutes, until softened and browned.Fill a 12-quart, or larger, pot halfway with water. Bring to a boil. In the meantime, use the kosher salt to exfoliate the chicken, rubbing the salt all over the chicken to clean the skin. Rinse all of the salt off. Cut chicken into thighs, drumsticks, breasts, wings.When water is boiling, add the chicken pieces, including the 1 pound of wing tips/bones. Return water to hard boil and keep heat on high. Boil vigorously for 5 minutes. Drain water into sink, using a large colander to catch the chicken parts. Rinse each piece of chicken with cool water. Wash pot, scrubbing away any scum. Return chicken to pot, add in the roasted ginger and onion, add the coriander and cloves, and refill pot with clean water (about 6 quarts).Bring water to boil over high heat, then turn the heat to low to keep a steady simmer. Use a skimmer to remove any scum that arises to the surface. Simmer for 20 minutes, then remove the chicken breasts and thighs, and let cool for a few minutes. When cool enough to handle, remove and discard the skin. Remove the meat from the bone. Slice the meat and reserve for the bowls. Return the bones to the simmering broth. Continue to simmer broth for an additional 1 1/2 hours. While the broth is cooking, it's a good time to prepare the noodles, and also the herbs for the table so you have everything ready. When broth is done, use tongs or spider to remove the chicken parts, onion, ginger and spices to discard. Strain the Chicken Pho broth in a sieve lined with cheesecloth. Return broth to the pot. Season broth with fish sauce and sugar. Taste, and adjust with additional, if needed. Turn the heat to low, to keep the soup hot. Soak the dried rice noodles in hot tap water for 10 minutes. They'll soften just a bit, and become more opaque. Drain the noodles. In the meantime, bring a separate pot of water to a boil. Prepare the bean sprouts, basil, jalapeño, limes and sauces for the table.When you're ready to serve, prepare:You'll cook the noodles in batches. One batch per bowl. The noodles only cook for 20 SECONDS. Any longer than that, the noodles will overcook and become gummy. Add a batch of noodles to the spider. Lower the spider into the boiling water for 20 seconds. Lift and shake off excess water. Add cooked noodle to a bowl. Repeat for remaining bowls. Ladle Chicken Pho broth and add sliced chicken pieces into each bowl. Serve immediately. 
Name:"Scarpetta&#8217;s Spaghetti with Fresh Tomato Sauce and Garlic Basil Oil"	Recipe:Use a sharp vegetable peeler and with a gentle, back and forth sawing motion, peel the tomato skin. Tip: the sawing motion should be very slight, just a quick back and forth motion moving along tomato. In a wide pan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat until quite hot. Add the fresh and canned tomatoes, red pepper flakes, and season lightly with the salt and pepper. (I always start with a light hand with the salt and pepper because as the tomatoes reduce, the salt will become concentrated.) Let the tomatoes cook for a few minutes to soften. Then, using a potato masher, chop the tomatoes finely. Cook the tomatoes for 20 to 25 minutes, until the tomatoes are tender and the sauce has thickened. Taste and season with salt again. Remember, the pasta will cook in salted water, so the sauce should just be lightly seasoned. If the sauce is too tart (if your fresh tomatoes were not sweet or fully ripened), add a 1/2 teaspoon of sugar to the sauce. While the tomatoes are cooking, make the basil-garlic oil. Heat a small saucepan over low heat with 1/4 cup olive oil, garlic cloves, basil leaves and pepper flakes. Keep the heat on low to allow the ingredients to warm slowly and release their flavors. When the garlic is lightly browned, turn heat off and let cool for 10 minutes. The longer you let the oil sit, the more infused the oil. Strain the oil, discarding the solids.To cook the spaghetti, bring a large pot of amply salted water to a boil. Cook the spaghetti until just shy of al dente and drain, reserve a little of the pasta cooking water.Add the cooked pasta to the sauce and cook over medium-high heat, gently tossing the pasta and the sauce together with a couple of wooden spoons and a lot of exaggerated movement (you can even shake the pan) until the pasta is just tender and the sauce, if any oil had separated from it, now looks cohesive. (If the sauce seems too thick, add a little pasta cooking liquid to adjust it.) Remove the pan from the heat and toss the butter, basil and cheese with the pasta in the same manner (the pasta should take on an orange hue). Drizzle with just a bit of the basil-garlic oil on each plate (you might not use all of it).
Name:"Hot Dogs with Kimchi Relish"	Recipe:Preheat a grill to high or preheat a ridged cast iron grill pan over high heat.Mix together the kimchi, honey, and vinegar in a small bowl.Grill the hot dogs until browned and crispy, and lightly grill the rolls until they're golden brown. Put the hot dogs in the rolls and top each one with 1 tablespoon mustard and one-quarter of the kimchi relish.
Name:"Gyoza Recipe (Japanese Pan-Fried Dumplings)"	Recipe:Toss the minced cabbage with the salt in a large bowl and let it sit for 10 minutes. Using both hands, or a cheese cloth, squeeze the cabbage firmly to drain and discard the excess water (prevent your dumplings from becoming mushy) and then transfer the cabbage to a deep bowl. Add the pork, ginger, garlic, green onion, miso, sesame oil, chili powder, and sugar. Mix everything together with your hands until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Using your hands, scoop the mixture into a ball, lift it, and then throw it back into the bowl. Repeat several times to tenderize the meat and help the mixture stick together.Have a small bowl of cold water ready. Lay a dumpling wrapper on a dry work surface, and place a teaspoon of the meat mixture in the center of the wrapper. With a fingertip moistened with water, trace a line along half of the edge of the round wrapper. Fold the wrapper over to enclose the filling, and pinch the wrapper in the center to seal the edges together at that spot. Holding the filled half-circle in the left hand, pleat the top of the wrapper from the middle out, pressing it to the flat edge of the wrapper at the back. Set aside the stuffed dumpling with the pleated-wrapper edge up. Repeat to make 40 dumplings in all.In a large skillet with a tight fitting lid, heat 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil over medium-high heat. Carefully place as many of the dumplings that can fit without touching in the skillet with the pleated-wrapper edge up. Cook the dumplings for 3 minutes, or until nicely browned on the bottom. Check the progress by lifting 1 or 2 dumplings by their pleated edge.Once the bottoms are nicely browned, use the skillet lid to shield yourself and carefully pour in 1/4 cup of the water. When the hissing and splattering die down, drizzle in 1 teaspoon of the cooking oil around the edge of the skillet. Place the lid on the skillet to trap in the moisture and then quickly lower the heat to keep the liquid at a bare simmer.Check the dumplings after 2 minutes. When the wrappers appear slightly translucent and the meat feels firm when pressed lightly with a spoon, remove the lid and raise the heat slightly. Continue to cook until all the water has evaporated and only the oil remains (about 2 minutes). Once you hear a sizzling sound, shake the skillet. The dumplings should slide about. If they seem to stick to the skillet, move the skillet away from the stove and replace the lid for a moment. Remove the dumplings from the skillet with a broad flexible spatula. If you'd like, flip them over so that the seared surface faces up. Cook the remaining dumplings the same way. Serve the dumplings hot accompanied by the dipping sauce.While the dumplings are cooking, make the dipping sauce by mixing the soy sauce, rice vinegar and sesame/chili oil together in a small bowl.  
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Cranberry Pistachio Pesto"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375F degrees.Cut off the knobby end of the brussels sprouts and pull off any loose outer leaves. Cut the brussels sprouts in half, lengthwise. Toss with olive oil.On a baking sheet, spread the brussels sprouts evenly and roast for 20-25 minutes, until you begin to see a bit of browning on the brussels sprouts. The interior should be fork tender.Place the pistachios, cranberries, garlic and parsley into a food processor and process until very finely chopped. While the food processor is running, slowly drizzle in only 2 TABLESPOONS of the olive oil. Spoon out the pesto into a bowl and stir in remaining olive oil. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. The pesto should be slightly sweet and salty. If the pesto is too thick, you can stir in more olive oil. Lightly season the brussels sprouts with salt and pepper. Toss with just 1/4 cup of the Cranberry Pistachio Pesto on top. Reserve remaining pesto for other uses.
Name:"Hainanese Chicken Rice Recipe"	Recipe:To clean the chicken, with a small handful of kosher salt, rub the chicken all over, getting rid of any loose skin and dirt. Rinse chicken well, inside and outside. Season generously with salt inside and outside. Stuff the chicken with the ginger slices and the green onion. Place the chicken in a large stockpot and fill with cold water to cover by 1 inch. Bring the pot to a boil over high heat, then immediately turn the heat to low to keep a simmer. Cook for about 30 minutes more (less if you're using a smaller chicken). Check for doneness by sticking a chopstick into the flesh under the leg and see if the juices run clear or insert a thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh not touching bone. It should read 160F. The chicken will continue to cook to 165F during rest. When the chicken is cooked through, turn off the heat and remove the pot from the burner. Immediately lift and transfer the chicken into a bath of ice water to cool and discard the ginger and green onion. Don't forget to reserve the poaching broth for your rice, your sauce, and the accompanying soup. The quick cooling will stop the cooking process, keeping the meat soft and tender, and giving the skin a lovely firm texture. After cooling, pat the chicken dry with paper towels and rub the sesame oil all over the chicken. This will help prevent the chicken from drying out.Place rice into a large bowl, and fill with water. Use your hands to swish the water around, cleaning the rice. Tilt bowl to discard water, keeping the rice in the bowl Repeat 3 more times, until water is less cloudy. Fill bowl again, with fresh water. Let rice soak for 10 minutes. In a wok or pot, heat 2 tablespoons of cooking oil over medium-high heat. When hot, add the ginger and the garlic and fry until your kitchen smells like heaven. Be careful not to burn the garlic and ginger! Add in your drained rice and stir to coat, cook for an additional minute. Add the sesame oil, mix well.Add 2 cups of your reserved poaching broth, add salt and bring to a boil. Immediately turn the heat down to low, cover the pot and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit (with lid still on) for 5-10 minutes more.While your rice is cooking, remove the chicken from the ice bath and rub the outside of the chicken with the sesame oil. Carve the chicken for serving.To make the chili sauce: Blend your chili sauce ingredients in a blender until smooth and bright red.To make the ginger garlic sauce: In a small saucepan, heat the cooking oil until very hot, when you start seeing wisps of smoke. Turn off heat. Immediately add garlic and ginger and let it sizzle for a few seconds. Once it settles, stir in salt and vinegar.You should have six or seven cups of the reserved poaching broth left over to serve as soup. Just before serving, heat up the soup, taste and season with salt as necessary.
Name:"No Cook, 3-Ingredient Miso Almond Sauce"	Recipe:In a large bowl, whisk together the miso paste and almond butter until very smooth. If it helps, add in a tablespoon of the apple juice. Once the miso and almond butter are combined, whisk in the remaining apple juice.
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Chili Sauce"	Recipe:Heat the oven to 400F. On a baking sheet, toss the brussels sprouts in cooking oil to coat evenly. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes, tossing them halfway so they cook evenly. Remove brussels sprouts from the oven and turn on oven broiler to high, with the oven rack positioned in the top third of the oven.
Name:"Chicken Satay with Peanut Noodles"	Recipe:For the chicken satay: In a non-aluminum container, combine all ingredients together. Marinate in the refrigerator for 10 minutes or up to 24 hours. Heat the grill to medium-high. Skewer the chicken pieces on the soaked skewers and discard the marinade. Grill the chicken for 3-4 minutes per side, until cooked through. Serve the chicken warm with the peanut noodles.
Name:"Grilled Chicken with Blackberry Sweet and Sour Sauce"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. Brush each side of chicken breasts with the cooking oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill 3 minutes on each side, then turn the heat to medium-low and cover to cook for an additional 5 minutes or until cooked through.
Name:"Roasted Carrots with Sesame Ponzu Vinaigrette"	Recipe:Roast the carrots until just tender but slightly crunchy at 375F for 15-18 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together the remaining ingredients. Toss with the cooked carrots.
Name:"Ketchup from Scratch: Indian Spiced Ketchup Chutney"	Recipe:Roast the carrots until just tender but slightly crunchy at 375F for 15-18 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together the remaining ingredients. Toss with the cooked carrots.
Name:"Steak with Whiskey Mushroom Sauce"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 375F. Season the Porterhouse steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Let steak rest at room temperature for 15 minutes. Rub both sides of the Porterhouse steak with cooking oil.
Name:"Teriyaki Mushroom Sauce with Grilled Salmon"	Recipe:1. To make the Easy Teriyaki Sauce, whisk all the sauce ingredients in a small sauce pan and simmer on low for 3 minutes, until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Name:"Pork Tenderloin with Warm Grilled Tomato Salsa"	Recipe:Mix mustard and honey together. Smear the honey mustard mix on the pork tenderlion covering all sides. Season with the salt and pepper. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and bake for 20 minutes or until the center reaches about 150F. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the Grilled Tomato Salsa
Name:"Delicious Days&#8217; Asian Sesame Chicken Noodle Salad"	Recipe:Place the chicken breasts in a pot with lightly salted water (enough water to cover the chicken.) Bring to a boil, immediately reduce heat and cook in the barely simmering water for 10-15 minutes until done. Test for doneness. Remove chicken and let cool. Return water back to boil and cook the noodles according to package instructions and drain.
Name:"Red Lantern Crisp Parcels (Cha Gio or Spring Rolls)"	Recipe:Soak the noodles and mushroom strips separately in cold water for 20 minutes, then drain and drip dry in a colander. Cut the noodles into 1½-inch-long pieces, then combine with all of the filling ingredients in a large bowl and mix well.
Name:"Pan Fried Pork and Shrimp Potstickers Recipe"	Recipe:Wash the shrimp and pat very dry. In a food processor, add the shrimp, green onions, bamboo shoots and pulse several times until the shrimp is chopped to about 1/4 inch. In a large bowl, combine the shrimp mixture with ground pork, soy sauce, salt, cornstarch, ginger, rice wine. Mix well.
Name:"Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Cashew Butter Dipping Sauce"	Recipe:In a medium sized bowl, whisk together the fish sauce, lemongrass, pepper and sugar. Add the shrimp and stir to coat. Marinate shrimp for 10 minutes. In meantime, boil a pot of water. Add vermicelli and cook for 4 minutes. Drain immediately, rinse with cold water, and drain again. Try to remove as much water as possible. Set aside.
Name:"Grilled Corn with Lime Cilantro Wasabi Butter"	Recipe:1. Make the herb butter: Combine all butter ingredients. Use fork to mash and mix well. Lay a large piece of plastic cling wrap on counter. Spoon the butter on the wrap and fold plastic wrap over. Using your hands, mold and roll into a cylinder shape. I use a sushi bamboo mat and that worked really well. Place in refrigerator (or freezer if you're in a hurry) and let chill for at least 30 minutes. This can be made up to 3 days in advance.
Name:"Top a Steak Just Like Fancy Restaurants"	Recipe:Heat the butter in a frying pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute for 30 seconds. Add in the mushrooms, and saute for 2 minutes. Add in the broth, wine, cognac and demi-glace. Simmer until sauce is reduced in half and thickened, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper (if using demi-glace, just season with pepper). Sprinkle with chives and pepper just before serving.
Name:"Roasted Vegetable Ravioli with Crispy Pancetta"	Recipe:1. Roast the Veggies: Preheat oven to 375. Cut each vegetable into smaller pieces. The more tender veggies (zucchini) can be cut into larger chunks. Hard vegetables (carrots) into smaller chunks. Basically, you want all the vegetables to roast evenly. Roast 10-15 minutes, until soft. Remove from oven, place in food processor. In food processor (or you could just chop with your knife like I do) - pulse 4-5 times until the vegetables are 1/4" small dice (still a little chunky but not a puree). You want the vegetables to still have some texture. Add parmigiano reggiano, garlic, olive oil, salt and pepper. Pulse one more time to incorporate rest of ingredients. Set aside.
Name:"How to cook rice in the microwave, perfect every time"	Recipe:Scoop the rice into the microwave-safe container or pot. Fill the pot with water and swish the water and rice with your hands. Pour out the water, keeping the rice in the pot (just cup your hands around the rice to prevent it from pouring out). Repeat for 2-3 more times until the water is just barely cloudy.Add enough water to cover the rice by about 1" - or place your finger straight down touching the top of the rice. The water should meet your first knuckle (ladies or men with small hands) and just under the first knuckle (men or ladies with big hands). For 1 1/2 cups of rice, this is approximately 2 1/4 cups of water. Cover with lid. Microwave on high for 9 minutes. Let rest covered (no peeking!) for 3 minutes before fluffing.
Name:"Chicken Fried Rice"	Recipe:In a bowl, mix together the chicken, just 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce, cornstarch, rice wine and sesame oil. Stir and let marinate while you proceed to next step.Heat a wok over medium-high heat. When hot, swirl in about 2 teaspoons of cooking oil. Add in the green onion. Stir fry for 10 seconds. Add in egg and scramble briskly until the egg is just barely set. Remove egg to plate. Wipe wok clean.Return wok to stove, turn heat to high. When hot, swirl in a little more cooking oil. Add in the marinated chicken and spread out all over the surface of the wok in single layer. Let cook for 1 minute, undisturbed. Flip and toss, spread out again and let cook for another minute. By now, the chicken should be NEARLY cooked through (depends on how big your chicken pieces are). Remove chicken from wok and set aside.Return wok to high heat. When hot, swirl in a little more cooking oil, about 1 tablespoon. Add in the rice. Spread out over surface of wok and let cook, undisturbed, for 1 minute. Flip and toss, spread out again, let cook for 1 minute.Add back into the wok, the chicken and eggs. Add in the frozen peas. Give it a good toss. Add in the remaining soy sauce, oyster sauce (or fish sauce) and freshly ground black pepper. Toss again and spread rice out over surface of wok. Let cook, 1 minute. Toss very well, spread out and cook for an additional minute. Taste the fried rice, and adjust with more soy sauce, if desired. Fried rice is ready when each grain of rice is heated through and hot, and the chicken is cooked through.
Name:"Scarpetta&#8217;s Spaghetti with Fresh Tomato Sauce and Garlic Basil Oil"	Recipe:Use a sharp vegetable peeler and with a gentle, back and forth sawing motion, peel the tomato skin. Tip: the sawing motion should be very slight, just a quick back and forth motion moving along tomato. In a wide pan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat until quite hot. Add the fresh and canned tomatoes, red pepper flakes, and season lightly with the salt and pepper. (I always start with a light hand with the salt and pepper because as the tomatoes reduce, the salt will become concentrated.) Let the tomatoes cook for a few minutes to soften. Then, using a potato masher, chop the tomatoes finely. Cook the tomatoes for 20 to 25 minutes, until the tomatoes are tender and the sauce has thickened. Taste and season with salt again. Remember, the pasta will cook in salted water, so the sauce should just be lightly seasoned. If the sauce is too tart (if your fresh tomatoes were not sweet or fully ripened), add a 1/2 teaspoon of sugar to the sauce. While the tomatoes are cooking, make the basil-garlic oil. Heat a small saucepan over low heat with 1/4 cup olive oil, garlic cloves, basil leaves and pepper flakes. Keep the heat on low to allow the ingredients to warm slowly and release their flavors. When the garlic is lightly browned, turn heat off and let cool for 10 minutes. The longer you let the oil sit, the more infused the oil. Strain the oil, discarding the solids.To cook the spaghetti, bring a large pot of amply salted water to a boil. Cook the spaghetti until just shy of al dente and drain, reserve a little of the pasta cooking water.Add the cooked pasta to the sauce and cook over medium-high heat, gently tossing the pasta and the sauce together with a couple of wooden spoons and a lot of exaggerated movement (you can even shake the pan) until the pasta is just tender and the sauce, if any oil had separated from it, now looks cohesive. (If the sauce seems too thick, add a little pasta cooking liquid to adjust it.) Remove the pan from the heat and toss the butter, basil and cheese with the pasta in the same manner (the pasta should take on an orange hue). Drizzle with just a bit of the basil-garlic oil on each plate (you might not use all of it).
Name:"Hot Dogs with Kimchi Relish"	Recipe:Preheat a grill to high or preheat a ridged cast iron grill pan over high heat.Mix together the kimchi, honey, and vinegar in a small bowl.Grill the hot dogs until browned and crispy, and lightly grill the rolls until they're golden brown. Put the hot dogs in the rolls and top each one with 1 tablespoon mustard and one-quarter of the kimchi relish.
Name:"Bok Choy Recipe"	Recipe:Start by trimming the stem off - don't trim too much - just the end. Cutting the thick stem off will ensure that the bok choy cooks evenly. Separate out the leaves, keep the tender center intact. Wash and clean bok choy.  Finely mince garlic. Grate fresh ginger with a microplane grater. Grating the ginger helps break up the tough fibers.Place wok or saute pan on your stove and pour in the cooking oil. Add the garlic and ginger. Turn the heat to medium-high. Let the ginger and garlic gently sizzle in the oil. When the aromatics become fragrant and light golden brown, add the bok choy leaves. Toss very well to coat each leaf with the garlicky, gingery oil for 15 seconds. Pour in broth, water or wine. Immediately cover and let cook for 1 minute. Season with soy sauce and drizzle a bit of sesame oil on top.
Name:"Shrimp Pad Thai Salad"	Recipe:Make the dressing: In a blender, combine the vinegar, lime juice, nut butter, chile sauce, oil, and water, season with salt and pepper, and blend until smooth.Cook the shrimp: Toss the shrimp with the 1 tablespoon of cooking oil. Heat a grill pan over high heat. When hot, add the shrimp. Cook 2 minutes, then flip shrimp and cook an additional 1 minute, or until cooked through. Toss the salad: In a large bowl, mix together the greens, carrot, cabbage, cucumber, bean sprouts, and basil, add some of the dressing, and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.Transfer to a platter and top with the shrimp, additional dressing and the chopped nuts.<br/>
Name:"Chinese Broccoli with Garlicky Ginger Miso"	Recipe:Trim ends of the Chinese broccoli. Line up the Chinese broccoli with the stems facing same direction. Cut the stalks in half to separate the thick stems from the leaves.Add one inch of water to a wok, pot or large saute pan and bring to a simmer on medium heat. Layer in the broccoli stems at the bottom of the pan and layer the leaves on top of the stems. You want the thick stems closer to the bottom of the pan so that they will cook faster. Steam for 3 minutes. Use tongs to lift the leaves to a plate. Check the stems to make sure they are cooked - they should be easily pierced with a knife. Thicker stems might need an additional minute.  Discard the remaining water in the pan and wipe dry with a towel. Return pan to the stove and add in the cooking oil and ginger, garlic and chile pepper. Turn the heat to medium-low. Once the oil in the wok begins shimmering, cook for another 15 seconds (take care not to burn the aromatics). Stir in the miso paste, water, soy sauce and sesame oil and cook another 15 seconds. Add the Chinese broccoli back into the pan, give everything a quick stir, then plate for serving.
Name:"Shrimp Teriyaki Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:Pat the shrimp very dry. In a bowl, toss the shrimp with cornstarch to coat.Heat a wok or large saute pan over high heat. When hot, swirl in just 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil. Add the shrimp to the pan, trying not to overlap. Let cook for 30 seconds. Flip, and cook an 30 seconds. Remove the shrimp to a clean bowl. The shrimp will be half-cooked, we will finish cooking in a later step.Turn the heat to medium-high. To the same pan, swirl in the remaining cooking oil. When hot, add in the onion and bell pepper. Stir fry for 1 minute. Add in the sugar snap peas and continue to stir fry for an additional minute.Add in the half-cooked shrimp and pour in the Ginger Teriyaki Sauce. Cook until the sauce comes to a simmer, thickens, and is glossy. Garnish with green onions.
Name:"Chinese Broccoli Beef Recipe"	Recipe:If you are using flank steak, slice into thin pieces, ACROSS the grain. If using sirloin, grain doesn't matter. In a bowl, combine the beef with the soy sauce, cornstarch and black pepper. Marinate for 10 minutes at room temperature.In a small bowl, mix together the ingredients for the Stir-Fry Sauce.In a wok or large saute pan, add 1 cup of water and bring to a boil. Add the broccoli and cover to steam for 3 minutes. The broccoli should be bright green, crisp tender and you should be able to just pierce the stem with a fork. Drain.Discard the water in the wok and dry the pan well. Set the pan over high heat, swirl in the cooking oil. When the wok is hot, add the marinated beef, use your tongs to spread the beef out all over the surface of the wok in one layer. Let beef cook, undisturbed, for 2 minutes, until nicely browned. Flip the beef, again spread the beef out over the wok and brown the other side.Push the beef aside and add in the garlic and ginger. Stir fry the garlic and ginger for 30 seconds. Then mix together with the beef.Pour in the Stir-fry Sauce and stir to combine. Simmer until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 15 seconds. Add the cooked broccoli back into the wok and toss to coat well.
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Cranberry Pistachio Pesto"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375F degrees.Cut off the knobby end of the brussels sprouts and pull off any loose outer leaves. Cut the brussels sprouts in half, lengthwise. Toss with olive oil.On a baking sheet, spread the brussels sprouts evenly and roast for 20-25 minutes, until you begin to see a bit of browning on the brussels sprouts. The interior should be fork tender.Place the pistachios, cranberries, garlic and parsley into a food processor and process until very finely chopped. While the food processor is running, slowly drizzle in only 2 TABLESPOONS of the olive oil. Spoon out the pesto into a bowl and stir in remaining olive oil. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. The pesto should be slightly sweet and salty. If the pesto is too thick, you can stir in more olive oil. Lightly season the brussels sprouts with salt and pepper. Toss with just 1/4 cup of the Cranberry Pistachio Pesto on top. Reserve remaining pesto for other uses.
Name:"Miso Soup Recipe: 1 minute, 3 minute, 4 minute and 20 minute versions"	Recipe:Wipe the kombu clean with a paper towel. Add the kombu and water to a sauce pan. Bring to a boil over medium-low heat. When water just begins to boil, remove the kombu.Bring the kombu water to full boil. Add the katsuobushi all at once. Boil for 60 seconds. Turn heat off and let sit, undisturbed for 10 minutes. in the meantime, dice the tofu. Soak dried wakame in water until expanded. drain and discard water.After steeping katsuobushi, the flakes will sink to bottom of pot. Strain the katsuobushi through cheesecloth. Return dashi to a simmer and immediately turn off heat. Whisk in miso paste. When miso has fully dissolved, add tofu and wakame. 
Name:"Baked Parmesan Garlic Chicken Wings Recipe"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 425F. In a small bowl, mix together the oregano, rosemary, cumin and salt. Lay the chicken wings on a baking sheet and season the chicken wings with this mixture.Bake the chicken wings for 20-25 minutes. While the chicken is baking, mix together the butter fresh basil, garlic, parmesan cheese and seasoning salt.In a separate bowl, mix together the blue cheese dressing with the mustard (this is your dipping sauce)When the chicken is cooked through, toss the wings with the garlic/cheese/olive oil (or butter) sauce. Serve with the blue cheese/mustard dressing.
Name:"Roasted Pumpkin Recipe"	Recipe:Heat oven to 400F. Using a large metal spoon, scoop out the seeds and insides of the pumpkin. Save the seeds for roasting. Use a sharp chef's knife to cut slices of pumpkin, 1-inch thick.Place pumpkin slices on baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and rub on both sides of pumpkin. Season with salt, spices and brown sugar. Roast for 18-20 minutes, depending on thickness of pumpkin slices (check at 15 minute mark).
Name:"Korean Zucchini Noodles Recipe"	Recipe:In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, honey and sesame oil. In a large bowl, combine the beef and the onions. Pour in just 1/3 of the soy/honey/sesame oil mixture (and reserve the rest of the sauce for later). Set beef/onions aside to marinate on the counter while you prepare the rest of recipe.Using a spiralizer on "spaghetti" setting (about 1/8-inch), spiralize the zucchini. Cut the zucchini noodle strands into easy-to-eat lengths, then set zucchini aside. Spiralize the carrots using the same setting. Cut carrot strands into 2" lengths to make it easier to stir fry. Gather all the remaining ingredients and have them nearby the stove for easy access. The rest of this recipe only takes 10 minutes!Heat a wok or large saute pan over medium-high heat. When hot, swirl in a little cooking oil. Pour in the beaten egg and tilt the pan so that the egg cooks in a thin, even layer. Cook until set on the edges and bottom, flip the egg and cook until firm. Remove egg to cutting board and julienne into thin strips. Place egg strips into a large serving bowl or platter.Give the pan a good wipe if needed, return to medium-high heat. When hot, swirl in some cooking oil. Add in the green onions, garlic, mushrooms, spiralized carrots. Stir fry for 30 seconds until the green onions are bright green and the carrots have softened slightly. Add in the spinach/kale and stir fry for 30 seconds until the leaves have softened. Remember the reserved soy/honey/sesame oil sauce we set aside? Pour in just half of that sauce and toss well. Remove the vegetables to the large serving bowl with the egg.Give the pan a good wipe if needed, return to medium-high heat. When hot, swirl in cooking oil. Add in the zucchini noodles and stir fry until the skin of zucchini is vivid green, and the zucchini begins to turn transluscent. The zucchini should still hold some of its curly shape. Take care not to overcook the zucchini. Pour in the last of the soy/honey/sesame oil sauce. Toss very well and let the zucchini absorb some of the sauce. Remove the zucchini noodles to a large bowl.Give the pan a good wipe, return to HIGH heat. When hot, swirl in cooking oil. Add in the beef and onion to the pan, use your spatula to spread out the ingredients all over the pan. Let cook, undisturbed for 15-30 seconds, until the edges of the beef turn brown, but is still red in the middle. Toss and flip the beef and onions, stir fry until cooked to your liking.Now lets add everything back into the pan. Add in the egg, vegetables, zucchini noodles. Toss well and give it a taste. Season with additional soy sauce, if needed. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve.
Name:"Slow Cooker Vietnamese Chicken Pho Recipe (Pho Ga)"	Recipe:To the slow cooker, add the chicken, onion, ginger, coriander seeds, cloves, star anise, sugar, fish sauce, and cilantro stems. Fill with water to the max level of your slow cooker. Turn slow cooker to high for 4-6 hours or low for 8-10 hours. Remove all chicken and cilantro stems, strain broth through cheesecloth. Taste and adjust with additional fish sauce and sugar if needed.<br/>If using yellow onions, soak the onion slices in ice cold water for 10 minutes. I find that red onions are milder and do not need soaking. Prepare the rest of the ingredient for the table, including bean sprouts, sliced jalapeño and sauces. Chicken Pho is best when the broth is boiling hot, and the noodles are freshly cooked. When you're ready to cook the chicken meat and noodles, go ahead and put the Chicken Pho broth back on the stovetop and turn the heat to low, so that it's ready. Alternatively, you can return the broth to the slow cooker and turn onto "simmer" if you have that function.Soak rice noodles in cool water for 10 minutes. Drain. In the meantime, bring a big pot of water to a boil and then turn to low. Add the chicken meat and let cook for 1-3 minutes or until cooked through--timing depends on how thin slices are. Remove the chicken slices, and set aside. Next, add the rice noodles to the water and cook for 1 minute. Remove noodles and divide amongst 6 serving bowls. Also, add to the bowls, the chicken meat, green onion and cilantro leaves. Ladle hot Chicken Pho broth into each bowl and serve immediately.
Name:"Vietnamese Pho Recipe: Beef Noodle Soup"	Recipe:Set baking rack 8 inches below heating element. Turn oven to low broil. Place the onion and ginger halves, cut side up, on a baking sheet. Brush the halves with a little bit of oil. Broil until the onion and ginger slightly charred, about 10 minutes, turning half-way. Remove from heat and cool.Parboil the beef bones: Fill a large stockpot (about 12 quart capacity) with water and bring to rapid boil. Carefully lower in the bones. Boil vigorously for 3 minutes to release the impurities. Dump bones and water into a clean sink, and rinse the bones with water to wash off any clinging residue. Quickly scrub pot clean and fill with about 6 quarts of clean water. Return bones to pot. Add the charred onion, ginger, spices, beef, fish sauce, and sugar to pot.Bring water to boil over high heat, and lower heat to gentle simmer. Simmer, uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours.While simmering, use a ladle or fine-mesh strainer to spoon off any scum that rises on top.At this point, the boneless meat should be slightly chewy, but not tough. Use tongs to transfer the meat to a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Meanwhile, maintain the broth at a steady simmer for 1 1/2 hours longer.Strain the broth through a fine-mesh sieve (or a coarse-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth) positioned over a pot. Discard the remaining solids. Use ladle or fine meshed skimmer to skim as much fat as possible from the top of the broth. Taste and adjust the flavor with salt, fish sauce and sugar. There should be about 4 quarts (16 cups) of broth.If using dried rice noodles, cover them with hot tap water and let them soak for 15 minutes, or until they are pliable and opaque. Drain in a colander. If using fresh rice noodles, untangle them, place in a colander, and rinse briefly under cold running water.Cut the cooked beef across the grain into thin slices. Freeze the raw beef for 15 minutes, then slice it across the grain into very thin slices. Set all beef aside. Ready the raw onion, scallions, cilantro leaves for adding to the bowls. Arrange the garnishes on a plate and put on the table.To ensure good timing, bring the broth to a simmer over medium heat as you are assembling the bowls.At the same time, fill a separate large pot with water and boil. For each bowl, place a portion of the noodles on a strainer (or mesh sieve) and dunk the noodles in the boiling water for 10 seconds. Immediately pull the strainer from the water, letting the water drain back into the pot. Empty the noodles into a bowl.Top each bowl of noodles with cooked and raw beef, arranging the slices flat. Add a bit of raw onion, scallions, cilantro leaves to each bowl.The pho broth needs to be boiling hot, to cook the raw beef slices. Raise the heat of the broth to a boil. Do a final taste and make any last minute adjustments with fish sauce and sugar. Ladle about 2 cups of broth into each bowl. Serve immediately with plate of garnishes.
Name:"How to Cook Brown Rice in the Microwave"	Recipe:Wash rice, rinse, drain. Add rice and water to very large microwave safe bowl. Microwave uncovered at 100% power for 10 minutes. Reduce power to 50%, cover the bowl, and microwave another 20 minutes. Fluff with fork and serve.
Name:"Chinese Eggplant Recipe with Spicy Garlic Sauce"	Recipe:In a wok or saucepan over high heat, add 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil and swirl to coat wok. When wok is hot, add eggplant in a single layer. Cook 2 minutes and flip over each piece so they cook evenly. Cook another 2-3 minutes, flipping occasionally.The egg plant should have changed in color, the skin wrinkled and the flesh soft.Push eggplant aside in wok and add 1 tablespoon cooking oil. Add garlic, red chile peppers, ginger and green onion. Stir these aromatics until they become fragrant. Combine aromatics with eggplant and stir fry for one minute. Add soy sauce, black vinegar and sugar and stir to combine all. Serve immediately.
Name:"How to Cook Spaghetti Squash in Microwave"	Recipe:Using a sharp paring knife, carefully pierce (I really mean stab) the spaghetti squash in a few places (about 6 slashes is good). Place squash on plate. Microwave on high for 10-15 minutes, turning/rotating the squash halfway during cooking.  Carefully (the squash will be steaming hot!), use a chef's knife to cut the squash in half, lengthwise. The squash should be soft and easy to cut. Remove and discard the seeds. Use two forks to scrape apart the strands of the squash. For this recipe, we'll only use half of the spaghetti squash, about 4 cups.Heat a large saute pan over medium heat with the olive oil. Add in the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add in the tomatoes and basil and cook for another minute. Turn heat to medium-high and add in the spaghetti squash and toss. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle in the balsamic vinegar. Taste the squash - adjust seasoning. If the squash still needs a bit more time to cook through, cover and cook for 2 minutes. If the squash texture is perfect, toss in the grated cheese and serve immediately.
Name:"Grapefruit, Avocado &#038; Baby Arugula Salad"	Recipe:1. Section the grapefruit without the membrane, saving the juice in a small bowl. From the leftover membrane, squeeze and reserve as much juice as possible. Set aside the grapefruit sections.
Name:"Oven Roasted Grapes on the Vine Recipe"	Recipe:Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350F. Put the grape bunches in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast them for 45 minutes to 1 hour 15 minutes, until the skins are blistered and the grapes look like they are one-third of the way to becoming raisins. The time varies depending on the size and variety of grapes you use. If you're roasting more than one variety of grapes, keep them separated on the baking sheet so you can remove each variety as it's done. remove the grapes from the oven and carefully take the grapes from the baking sheet and lay them out on a pretty cutting board or platter. Serve on their own, with fresh ricotta, with honey, or with a selection of other cheeses as well.
Name:"Pumpkin Mashed Potatoes Recipe"	Recipe:Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to boil, turn to heat to medium-low and cook potatoes for 20 minutes or until you can easily pierce with a fork. Make sure when you cook the potatoes, that the water is a very low boil (a bubble burp every couple of seconds) - a big, rolling boil will make your potatoes mushy. Drain water.Mash the potatoes. Mash and stir in the remaining ingredients to the mashed potatoes until smooth. Taste and adjust seasonings if needed. Drizzle with a bit more maple syrup just before serving.
Name:"Yangzhou Fried Rice Recipe"	Recipe:Cut the pork, shrimp, ham, chicken, mushroom, if using, into small dice. Thinly slice the spring onion greens. Beat the egg with a little salt and pepper. Break the rice up into small clumps to make it easier to fry.
Name:"Thai Chicken Burgers with Quick Pickled Carrots"	Recipe:1. To prepare the carrots: In a medium-size bowl, whisk together all the ingredients, except the carrots, until the sugar and salt dissolve. Add the carrots, mixing to coat well, and allow to sit for at least 20 minutes or as long as overnight. Drain the liquid before serving.
Name:"Chicken Adobo Recipe"	Recipe:1. In a large, nonreactive saute pan, whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, black peppercorns and bay leaves. Nestle in the chicken thighs, skin side down, into the pan. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat, and then cover and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes. Turn the chicken over, and then cover and simmer for another 10 minutes.
Name:"Kale Sprouts with Roasted Garlic and Parmesan"	Recipe:Preheat the oven to 400F. Trim the kale sprouts and cut the sprouts in half, lengthwise. The larger sprouts may need to be cut into thirds or quarters, so that they cook evenly. Place the kale sprouts and the garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle and toss with olive oil. Roast for 12 minutes, give everything a good toss in the baking sheet and return to oven to roast for another 10-12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, toss with grated parmesan cheese.
Name:"Korean BBQ Baby Back Ribs Recipe"	Recipe:Heat oven the 375F. (optional) Using a butter knife to pry it up, separate the membrane from the back of the ribs and discard. Generously season both sides of the ribs with salt and pepper. Wrap the ribs in foil, meaty side up and seal completely. Bake for 90 minutes. To make the Korean Kalbi sauce, mix together the remaining ingredients in a bowl. After the ribs are cooked, remove from the oven and carefully open up the foil -- be careful of the hot steam! Slather 3/4 of the Korean Kalbi sauce on the tops of the ribs. Place the oven rack in the top third of the oven and heat the broiler to high. Put the ribs back in the oven, foil still open, and broil until the sauce bubbles and caramelizes, about 3-5 minutes. Keep a watch on the ribs – it's so easy to burn them! Just before serving, pour the remaining Korean Kalbi sauce on top of the ribs.
Name:"Sous Vide Pork Belly Recipe"	Recipe:Place pork belly in a vacuum seal bag. Slather your desired sauce (Char Siu or Soy/Honey) on both sides of the pork belly. Seal the bag and prepare your sous vide machine to run at 158F for 16 hours. Make sure you have enough water in the pot, topping off as needed. When done, open bag, reserving the Char Siu sauce in the bag. Slice the pork belly into 1/4".
Name:"Sushi Rice Bowl Recipe"	Recipe:Cook the rice: Put the rice into a medium saucepan. Run cold water into the saucepan, and with your hand, swish the rice around. Drain water into the sink. Repeat 3 more times, until water is more clear. Fill saucepan with 2 1/4 cups of water. Cover with lid. Cook rice over medium heat for 10 minutes. Lower heat to low and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Remove from heat, do not open lid. Let rice sit for 5 minutes or more.
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Chinese Sausage"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 400F. On a baking sheet, toss the quartered Brussels sprouts with the cooking oil. Make some space on the baking sheet for the Chinese sausage. The Chinese sausage will cook next to the Brussels sprouts, but do not mix them together.
Name:"Chinese Boiled Peanuts Recipe"	Recipe:Wash the peanuts. In a large pot, add in all of the ingredients. Fill pot with water, enough to cover the peanuts by 3" when submerged. Optional - use a plate to submerge the peanuts in the water.
Name:"Chinese Clay Pot Rice Recipe"	Recipe:To the oil, add in the sugar, soy sauce and rice wine. Bring to a simmer and then turn the heat to low. Let simmer for 2 minutes. Turn off heat and pour in the sesame oil. Let cool completely before storing in a jar. Lasts up to 4 months in refrigerator.
Name:"Chinese Shrimp Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:In a small bowl, combine oyster sauce, soy sauce and cilantro and set aside.Pat the shrimp very dry with paper towels. In a medium bowl, add shrimp and cornstarch and toss to coat.In a wok or large saute pan over high heat, add half the cooking oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. When the wok is very hot, add the shrimp in a single layer and cook partially until one side is nicely seared, about 1 minute. Flip and sear the other side of each shrimp, about one more minute. They don't need to be cooked all the way through yet. Remove them to a plate and set aside.Turn the heat down to medium and let wok cool off a bit to prevent the aromatics from burning. Add the remaining cooking oil and add green onion, garlic and ginger and stir fry for a minute until fragrant. [If you are using other vegetables, like snow peas, add them to the wok now and stir fry for a minute or until the vegetables are bright in color and crisp-crunchy]Pour in the sauce mixture and add the shrimp back into the pan. Stir fry for another minute or so until shrimp is cooked through. Serve immediately.
Name:"Vietnamese Pho Pressure Cooker &#8211; Paleo Friendly"	Recipe:5. Once finished cooking and safe to open, open the pressure cooker and using a fine mesh or ladle, remove the top layer of fatty liquid that has accumulated on the surface of the broth and discard (there will be lots of it.) Remove the onion, ginger and spice sachet and discard. Remove the meat to your cutting board. Shred the brisket using two forks. Remove any other meat from bone.
Name:"Review: Trader Joe&#8217;s Quick Cooking Brown Rice"	Recipe:Add ingredients to a microwave safe bowl with a microwave safe cover. Microwave on high for 10-12 minutes or until rice has absorbed most of the water. Allow to rest for 3-5 minutes. Fluff with a fork a serve.
Name:"No Cook, 3-Ingredient Miso Almond Sauce"	Recipe:In a large bowl, whisk together the miso paste and almond butter until very smooth. If it helps, add in a tablespoon of the apple juice. Once the miso and almond butter are combined, whisk in the remaining apple juice.
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts and Grapes"	Recipe:Heat the oven to 400F. On a baking sheet, toss the brussels sprouts and grapes in just 2 tablespoons of the olive oil to coat evenly. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes, tossing them halfway so they cook evenly. Pierce a brussels sprout to make sure they are cooked through. Remove baking sheet from oven.
Name:"Satay Noodles and Greens"	Recipe:Soak the dry rice noodles in warm water for 5-8 minutes. In a bowl, whisk together the hot water, peanut butter, dark soy sauce, honey, five-spice powder, salt and set aside. We'll be only using the white part of the leek (compost or use the green part to make broth). Wash the leek very well, separating the layers a bit to rinse out any dirt. Very thinly slice the leek.
Name:"Indian Spiced Black Bean &#038; Tofu Burgers"	Recipe:Roughly chop the onion and bell pepper (it makes it easier for the food processor). In a food processor, add the first 6 ingredients. Pulse until the mixture becomes finely minced.
Name:"Thai Hot and Sour Chicken Soup"	Recipe:In a pot, add the chicken stock, ginger, kaffir lime, lemongrass and chile slices. Bring to a simmer, cover, and then turn the heat to low. Let simmer for 10 minutes. Strain out and discard the spent herbs. (You can taste the soup at this point, if you would like it more spicy, keep the chile pepper slices in the stock and discard just before serving.)
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Chili Sauce"	Recipe:Heat the oven to 400F. On a baking sheet, toss the brussels sprouts in cooking oil to coat evenly. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes, tossing them halfway so they cook evenly. Remove brussels sprouts from the oven and turn on oven broiler to high, with the oven rack positioned in the top third of the oven.
Name:"Tofu Prosciutto Panini"	Recipe:Heat panini press to medium-high heat. Brush one side of the bread with olive oil. For each sandwich, layer on the prosciutto, tofu, tomatoes, fresh buffalo mozzarella and basil. Generously season each sandwich with salt and pepper. Drizzle 1 teaspoon of balsamic vinegar on each sandwich. Close the sandwich, and brush the outside of both bread slices with olive oil. Place sandwich in panini press. Cook for 4 minutes or until the panini is browned.
Name:"Chicken Satay with Peanut Noodles"	Recipe:For the chicken satay: In a non-aluminum container, combine all ingredients together. Marinate in the refrigerator for 10 minutes or up to 24 hours. Heat the grill to medium-high. Skewer the chicken pieces on the soaked skewers and discard the marinade. Grill the chicken for 3-4 minutes per side, until cooked through. Serve the chicken warm with the peanut noodles.
Name:"Wasabi Shrimp with Avocado on Rice Cracker"	Recipe:In a bowl, add a handful of ice cubes and cold water to cover. With a small or medium sharp knife, cut green onion stalks into 3" lengths. Slice the green onion lengthwise into long thin strips, as thin as possible (see video). Place green onion slivers into ice water. Set aside while you continue with rest of recipe.
Name:"Baby Bok Choy with Ground Chicken Stir Fry"	Recipe:In a wok or large saute pan over high heat, add the cooking oil. When hot, add ground chicken and saute until browned (but not fully cooked through). Lower heat to medium-high and add green onion, ginger and garlic and stir for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Add bok choy to wok with the water, toss well to coat with the oil, aromatics and chicken. Cover the wok. Allow to cook for 2 minutes or until the bok choy is crisp-tender. Add soy sauce, sesame oil and toss well for 30 seconds. The baby bok choy should be just-tender in the stem, but not too soft. Serve immediately.
Name:"Grilled Chicken with Blackberry Sweet and Sour Sauce"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. Brush each side of chicken breasts with the cooking oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill 3 minutes on each side, then turn the heat to medium-low and cover to cook for an additional 5 minutes or until cooked through.
Name:"Vegetable Thai Curry Noodle Soup"	Recipe:If you are using rice noodles, soak the noodles in hot tap water (not boiling water, just use hottest water from tap) for 10 minutes. Drain. If you're not using rice noodles, cook noodles according to package directions.
Name:"Chinese Grilled Shrimp"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. In a large bowl, add all ingredients and mix thoroughly to coat the shrimp. At this point, you can refrigerate for up to overnight or just proceed to next step.
Name:"Green Beans with Chinese Preserved Radish Stir Fry"	Recipe:In a large wok or pan with a lid, add one inch of water and bring to a boil (steaming rack optional). Add the green beans and cover. Steam until green beans have turned bright green and are crunchy-tender, about 5 minutes. Remove and drain the green beans and set aside. Discard the remaining water in the wok and dry the wok thoroughly.
Name:"Healthy Hummus Recipe"	Recipe:In a food processor, combine the chickpeas, lemon juice, salt, garlic and yogurt. Process for 1 minute, then open the food processer and scrape the sides. Process for another minute. While the processor is running, pour in the olive oil. Taste and check for smooth consistency. If the hummus is too thick, add 1 tablespoon of water. Just before serving, sprinkle with smoked paprika, fresh parsley and drizzle with additional olive oil.
Name:"Coconut Curry Shrimp with Coconut Rice"	Recipe:In a food processor, combine the chickpeas, lemon juice, salt, garlic and yogurt. Process for 1 minute, then open the food processer and scrape the sides. Process for another minute. While the processor is running, pour in the olive oil. Taste and check for smooth consistency. If the hummus is too thick, add 1 tablespoon of water. Just before serving, sprinkle with smoked paprika, fresh parsley and drizzle with additional olive oil.
Name:"Chinese Egg Drop Soup"	Recipe:In a medium saucepan over high heat, add the mushrooms, chicken stock, rice wine and ginger and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and stir in the salt and pepper.
Name:"Pressure Cooker White Bean Chili Frito Pie"	Recipe:Sort beans by removing and discarding any foreign material or shriveled/discolored beans. Rinse beans with cold water. Add the sorted and rinsed beans to the inner cooking pot of the pressure cooker. Add the water and additional ingredients.
Name:"Cod in Garlic-Ginger Broth"	Recipe:Heat a wok or large saute pan over medium-low heat. Immediately add in the onion, ginger and garlic. Stir constantly and cook slowly for 3 minutes, until the onion is softened and all the aromatics are fragrant. Take care not to burn them!
Name:"Kale Salad with Cherries and Pecans"	Recipe:Optional step: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and spread the pecans on a tray. Toast them for 5 to 10 minutes, tossing them once or twice to make sure they toast evenly. Remove them from the oven and set them aside to cool.
Name:"Prime Rib Roast with Miso Jus"	Recipe:Heat the oven to 250F. Season the rib roast on all sides with salt and pepper. Rub just 2-3 tablespoons of the miso (keep the rest of the miso for the Au Jus) on all sides of the rib roast. Place rib roast in a large roasting pan. Scatter the vegetables all around the roast.
Name:"Chicken Salad with Sesame-Miso Dressing"	Recipe:Turn oven to broil (high) and place rack 8" below heating element. Slice the chicken breast into thick strips. Combine the sake, ginger, miso and salt. Toss the chicken strips into the mixture. Place chicken on a baking pan. Broil for 8 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
Name:"Leftover Turkey Recipe: Turkey Gumbo"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Chili and Basil Scallops"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Kimchi Omelet"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Grilled Steak and Tomato Salad with Rum Vinaigrette"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Kalbi Ribs with Macadamia Nut Rice"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Warm Bacon Potato Salad"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Zucchini with Lentils and Roasted Garlic"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Honey Soy Glazed Chicken"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Black Pepper Steak"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Carrot, Pea and Mint Salad Recipe"	Recipe:For this salad you can use a mandoline slicer or a grater (manual or food processor). Slice carrots lengthwise using a mandoline slicer or grate them. Keep sliced carrots in a bowl of ice water and drain them before assembling salad. Blanch fresh peas in boiling water for 2 minutes. Drain and immediately immerse peas in ice water for two minutes to stop the cooking process, then drain. If using frozen peas, you can just defrost them. Arrange carrots on individual salad plates. Top with peas. Right before serving, sprinkle with chopped mint.
Name:"Grilled Bruschetta with Asparagus and Parmesan Cheese"	Recipe:Grill bread slices over medium high heat until golden brown on both sides. Rub one side of the bread with garlic; brush lightly with oil. Place in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Name:"Miso Ramen Recipe"	Recipe:Place the whole, un-cracked eggs in a medium pot and fill with water to cover eggs by 1 inch (2.5 cm). Turn the heat to high and when boiling, turn the heat off and let the eggs sit in the hot water for 10 minutes. Promptly use a slotted spoon (keep the hot water in the pot) to remove the eggs and peel the egg under cold running water. Slice each egg in half. If using fresh spinach: add the spinach to the hot water in the pot. Let sit for 1 minute. Use slotted spoon (keep hot water in the pot!) to remove spinach. Rinse spinach with cool water. Use hands to squeeze spinach leaves to remove as much water as possible. If using frozen spinach, defrost spinach, then squeeze leaves with hands to remove as much water as possible. To briefly cook the bean sprouts, add the bean sprouts to the same hot water in pot. Let sit for 1 minute. Use slotted spoon to remove bean sprouts. Again, keep the hot water in the pot! Return the same pot of water to a boil. Add the ramen noodles and cook according to package instructions (most ramen noodles only take 3 minutes to cook.) Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking.Divide the noodles, hardboiled eggs, bamboo shoots, corn, spinach and bean sprouts among 4 large serving bowls.In a large pot, add the stock, instant dashi and soy sauce. Bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the miso. Taste the soup and add an additional 1 to 2 tablespoons of miso if you’d like. Ladle soup into each bowl. Top each bowl with green onions.
Name:"Smoky Sweet Spicy Wings"	Recipe:In a bowl, mix together all of the ingredients to form a thick marinade. Place wings and marinade into large sealable plastic bag. Toss to coat evenly. Marinate in refrigerator for 45 minutes up to overnight.
Name:"10-Minute Thai Shrimp Curry"	Recipe:Heat a skillet over medium high heat, once hot add in the cooking oil and red curry paste. Whisk for about 30 seconds. Pour in the coconut milk, fish sauce and continue whisking. Add in the mushrooms and the red peppers and continue cooking for 3 minutes. Add the shrimp to the curry and cook for another 2 minutes. Stir in the basil and serve over cooked rice.
Name:"Peas and Bacon"	Recipe:In a frying pan over medium heat, fry bacon and onion until bacon is crisp and onion softened. Add frozen peas, cover and cooked until peas warmed through.
Name:"Roasted Cauliflower with Bacon and Garlic"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375F. On a baking sheet, toss together the cauliflower, garlic slices, bacon and olive oil. Roast for 20-25 minutes until bacon is crisp and cauliflower is cooked through. Season with the roasted cauliflower with salt and pepper to taste.
Name:"Green Eggs and Ham Sushi"	Recipe:Make the sushi rice : Place rice in fine-mesh colander and rinse well to remove excess starch; drain. Transfer to a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. Add water. Cover with tight fitting lid and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low or medium-low. Very gently simmer, covered, about 20 minutes or until water is absorbed. Remove from heat. Let stand, covered, for 15 minutes. Transfer rice to a large baking dish or large bowl. Slightly cool. Sprinkle with rice vinegar; very gently toss until combined. Cool to room temperature. Cover with damp towel to prevent rice from drying out. When making sushi, you want the rice to be close to room temperature (hot, steaming rice will make the seaweed soggy).
Name:"Baked Spaghetti Squash with Garlic and Butter"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375F. Pierce squash a few times with sharp paring knife (to let steam escape). Bake spaghetti squash for 60 minutes, or until a paring knife pierces easily through skin with little resistance. Let squash cool for 10 minutes.Cut squash in half, lengthwise. Use a fork to remove and discard the seeds. Continue using fork to scrape the squash to get long, lovely strands. If the squash seem difficult to scrape, place squash halves cut side down, and bake for an additional 10 minutes.To serve 4 people, you'll use about 4 cups of the spaghetti squash strands. Heat a large saute pan with the butter and the garlic over medium-low heat. When garlic becomes fragrant, add parsley, salt and spaghetti squash strands. Toss well, sprinkle in the parmesan cheese and taste to see if you need additional salt. The spaghetti squash should have a slight crunch - but if you like it softer, cover the pan and cook 2 more minutes.
Name:"Indian Dal Nirvana"	Recipe:In a large sauce pan, add the lentils and fill with water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes until the lentils open and are tender. Drain the water from the lentils and return the lentils to the pot.
Name:"10-Minute Shrimp and Mushroom Thai Curry"	Recipe:Heat a skillet over medium high heat, once hot add in the cooking oil and red curry paste. Whisk for about 30 seconds. Pour in the coconut milk and whisk to combine. When it comes to a simmer, add in the mushrooms and the red peppers and continue cooking for 3 minutes. Taste and whisk in additional curry paste if you want. Add the shrimp to the curry and cook for another 2-3 minutes, until the shrimp is cooked through. Stir in the basil and serve over rice.
Name:"Pork Tenderloin with Warm Grilled Tomato Salsa"	Recipe:Mix mustard and honey together. Smear the honey mustard mix on the pork tenderlion covering all sides. Season with the salt and pepper. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and bake for 20 minutes or until the center reaches about 150F. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the Grilled Tomato Salsa
Name:"Japanese Noodles with Shimeji Mushroom"	Recipe:Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil and cook the noodles according to package instructions. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a skillet over a low heat and add the garlic cloves. Saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Name:"Delicious Days&#8217; Asian Sesame Chicken Noodle Salad"	Recipe:Place the chicken breasts in a pot with lightly salted water (enough water to cover the chicken.) Bring to a boil, immediately reduce heat and cook in the barely simmering water for 10-15 minutes until done. Test for doneness. Remove chicken and let cool. Return water back to boil and cook the noodles according to package instructions and drain.
Name:"Chinese Marbled Tea Egg Recipe"	Recipe:Gently place the eggs in a medium pot and fill with water to cover the eggs by 1-inch. Bring the pot to a boil, lower the heat and let simmer for 3 minutes. Remove the eggs (leaving the water in the pot) and let cool under running cool water. Using the back of the teaspoon, gently tap the eggshell to crack the shell all over. The more you tap, the more intricate the design. Do this with a delicate hand to keep the shell intact. To the same pot with the boiling water, return the eggs and add in the remaining ingredients. Bring the mixture to a boil and immediately turn the heat to low. Simmer for 40 minutes, cover with lid and let eggs steep for a few hours to overnight. The longer you steep, the more flavorful and deeply marbled the tea eggs will be. In the photos above, I steeped for 5 hours. Mom likes to steep overnight.
Name:"Shrimp Fried Rice Recipe"	Recipe:In a bowl, toss the shrimp with the salt, pepper and cornstarch. Let the shrimp marinate for 10 minutes at room temperature. Heat a wok or large sauté pan on high heat. When the pan is hot enough for a bead of water to instantly sizzle and evaporate, add only 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil and swirl to coat pan.
Name:"Long Life Fertility Noodles Recipe with Happy Shrimp"	Recipe:Bring a stockpot of water to boil. Add 1 tsp of salt to water and cook thin spaghetti, according to package directions. Drain. While pasta is cooking, place shrimp in a small bowl and add the remaining 1/2 teaspoon of salt and the cornstarch. Mix well and let sit for 8 minutes. Rinse the shrimp well, washing off the salt and cornstarch. Pat very dry with paper towels.
Name:"Green Beans with Garam Masala Butter and Toasted Hazelnuts"	Recipe:Heat a saute pan, and when hot, add nuts. Toast on medium heat, shaking skillet periodically until nuts are golden brown. Be careful not to burn them. Remove nuts immediately from hot skillet. If using skin-on hazelnuts, rub the nuts between towels to loosen and remove some of the skin. Roughly chop nuts. Set aside.
Name:"Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Cashew Butter Dipping Sauce"	Recipe:In a medium sized bowl, whisk together the fish sauce, lemongrass, pepper and sugar. Add the shrimp and stir to coat. Marinate shrimp for 10 minutes. In meantime, boil a pot of water. Add vermicelli and cook for 4 minutes. Drain immediately, rinse with cold water, and drain again. Try to remove as much water as possible. Set aside.
Name:"Japanese Furikake French Fries Recipe"	Recipe:Follow the directions on the bag of your frozen french fries. Be a good parent and bake ‘em instead of frying. Bake until golden and crispy. While the french fries are still hot, season with salt and furikake seasoning.
Name:"Roasted Garlic Shrimp Recipe"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 400F.Wash and carefully cut through shell to devein the shrimp while leaving the shell on. The easiest way to do this is with sharp, pointy kitchen shears. Just cut through the shell, following the back of shrimp. Devein.Heat a medium frying pan, over medium-high heat with the butter and olive oil. When hot but not smoking, add the shallots, garlic, rosemary, thyme, red pepper and salt. Saute for 1 minute or so, until fragrant.Add wine and bring to simmer. Turn heat off and toss in the shrimp to coat. Immediately spread out the shrimp in single layer on baking sheet. Roast in oven for 6-8 minutes, or until shrimp is cooked through. Timing will depend on the size of shrimp, check after 8 minutes. Toss with chopped parsley. Serve with bread to soak up the juices.
Name:"Crispy Tofu with Citrus Soy + Steamy Kitchen on TV"	Recipe:Combine lemon juice, orange juice, soy, mirin, rice wine vinegar and ginger in a small saucepan. Simmer on low for 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and lemon zest. Taste. Sometimes I like to add a little more zing...and add in just a touch more rice wine vinegar, especially if I'm serving it with salad.
Name:"Roast Chicken with Sweet Plum Sauce"	Recipe:Rinse chicken and cut away extra fat. Pat dry with paper towels inside and out. Place in shallow baking dish and rub softened butter all over chicken, tucking just a bit under the skin of breast. Season generously with salt and pepper outside and inside cavity. Stuff with garlic and lemon. Tie legs of the chicken together, slather sweet plum sauce all over chicken. Set breast side down. Let sit 30 minutes at room temperature. Preheat oven to 450F. Roast chicken 20 minutes. Turn breast side up, lower temperature to 375F and return to oven. Continue to roast another 60-70 minutes, brushing with additional sweet plum sauce towards the end. You may have to loosely tent with tin foil if skin is approaching maximum crispiness (i.e. don’t burn the skin.) Chicken is done when juices run clear as knife tip is inserted into chicken thigh. Thickest part of thigh without touching bone should register 170F. Let chicken rest 10 minutes before carving. Serve with a side of sweet plum sauce for dipping.
Name:"Sweet Yogurt Sundae with Saffron &#038; Pomegranate"	Recipe:1. Line a large sieve or colander with cheesecloth. Place colander over a bowl. Place yogurt in colander to drain for 2-3 hours in the refrigerator. Discard the water (or whey.) Turn the yogurt into a bowl and mix in the honey, nutmeg and cardamom.
Name:"Chinese Steamed Spareribs with Black Bean Sauce"	Recipe:Cut between each sparerib to separate each rib tip. In a large bowl, combine the rest of the ingredients. Add in the ribs and toss well to coat the spareribs evenly.Transfer spareribs and sauce into a shallow, heatproof pan that will fit inside your wok (a pie plate or 9” cake pan works great.)Set steaming rack inside of wok and fill with water almost up to height of rack. Turn heat to high and when water is boiling, turn heat to medium-high. Set pan with spareribs on top of a steaming rack in wok. Steam on med-high heat for 18-20 minutes until ribs are no longer pink. Make sure that when you are steaming that you don't run out of water in the wok. Replenish with additional water, if needed.
Name:"Perfect Steamed Rice Recipe"	Recipe:Place rice grains in pot. Wash the rice and swish with your hands. Drain and repeat 3 more times until the water is no longer milky. This helps remove excess starch and clean the grains.
Name:"Korean Glass Noodles &#8211; Jap Chae / Chap Chae"	Recipe:Fill a large pot with water and boil. When water is boiling, add the noodles and cook for 5 minutes. Immediately drain and rinse with cold water. Drain again and toss with only 1 tsp of the sesame oil. Use kitchen shears to cut noodles into shorter pieces, about 8 inches in length. Set aside.
Name:"Steak Recipe: Turning Cheap &#8220;Choice&#8221; Steak into Gucci &#8220;Prime&#8221; Steak"	Recipe:1. Buy a good sized Choice steak. I like mine 1.25 to 1.5 inches thick. Any cut of steak: Filet, Sirloin, Rib Eye, Porterhouse, T-Bone and NY Strip - they all work. Though, please remember to get steak that you'd normally buy to grill. Don't go buying some weird cut like the cow armpit and expect it to taste just like a NY Strip. You can do this with steaks less than 1", just really watch your timing. If your steak is already superbly marbled - cut back on your timing and your salt! The fattier (more marbled) the meat is, the faster the salt works its way through the meat.
Name:"Grilled Corn with Lime Cilantro Wasabi Butter"	Recipe:1. Make the herb butter: Combine all butter ingredients. Use fork to mash and mix well. Lay a large piece of plastic cling wrap on counter. Spoon the butter on the wrap and fold plastic wrap over. Using your hands, mold and roll into a cylinder shape. I use a sushi bamboo mat and that worked really well. Place in refrigerator (or freezer if you're in a hurry) and let chill for at least 30 minutes. This can be made up to 3 days in advance.
Name:"Steamed Mussels in Lemongrass Coconut Curry"	Recipe:1. Fry the curry paste: In a wok or large pot, turn heat to medium. When wok is hot but not smoking, add 2 tbl curry paste and the lemongrass (or lemon peel). Fry for 30 seconds to release its flavors. Add the clam juice, fish sauce, sugar and coconut milk. Simmer for 3 minutes. If you are using lemon peel, discard lemon peel. Taste the broth. If you want more heat, add more curry paste. In meantime, drain your mung bean noodles. The noodles should still be a little stiff.
Name:Palak Paneer (Indian Fresh Spinach With Paneer Cheese)	Recipe:Cut spinach into shreds and cook in 3 tablespoons water until tender; remove from heat. Saute onion, cinnamon, cardamom, and ginger in 1-2 tablespoons ghee or oil until onion is translucent. Then add garlic and chopped tomatoes, and reduce heat. Cook this briefly and slowly blend in yogurt a little at a time to prevent curdling. Add coriander, garam masala, paprika, and salt, mixing well. Add cooked spinach with liquid, cover and simmer on low heat for approximately 20-30 minutes. Remove from heat. Take half of spinach mixture and puree in food processor or blender, and return to mixture and stir. Slowly stir in heavy cream, and heat through on low heat. Add paneer cubes. Serve.
Name:Rogan Josh	Recipe:Put the ginger, garlic, and 4 tablespoons of water into the blender. Blend well until you have a smooth paste. Heat oil in a wide heavy pot over a medium heat, brown the meat cubes in serveral batches and set to one side. Put the cardamom, bay leaves, cloves, peppercons and cinnamon into the same hot oil. stir once and wait until the cloves swell and the bay leaves begin to take on colour. Now put in the onions. Stir and fry for 5 minutes until they turn a medium brown colour. Put in the ginger garlic paste and stir for 30 seconds. Add the coriander, cumin, paprika-cayenne, and salt. Stir and fry for 30 seconds. Add the fried meat cubes and juices. Stir for 30 seconds, now add 1 tablespoon of yoghurt, stir until well blended . Add the remaining yoghurt, a tablespoon at a time in the same way. Stir and fry for another 3 minutes. Now add 275ml of water if you're cooking lamb or chicken and 425ml of water if you're cooking beef. Bring to the boil, scraping all the browned spices off the sides and bottom of the pot. Cover and cook on low for an hour if you're cooking chicken or lamb and 2 hours if cooking beef, (or until meat is tender.). Every 10 minutes give the meat a good stir. When the meat is tender take off the lid, turn the heat up to medium, and boil away some of the liquid. All the fat that collects in the pot may be spooned off the top. Sprinkle the garam masala and black pepper over the meat before you serve and mix them inches.
Name:Cashew Chicken Curry	Recipe:Heat butter in a 5- to 6-quart wide heavy pot over moderately low heat until foam subsides, then cook onions, garlic, and ginger, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add curry powder, salt, cumin, and cayenne and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add chicken and cook, stirring to coat, 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, including juice, and cilantro and bring to a simmer, then cover and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, about 40 minutes. Just before serving: pulse cashews in a food processor or electric coffee/spice grinder until very finely ground, then add to curry along with yogurt and simmer gently, uncovered, stirring, until sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes. Note: Curry, without yogurt and cashews, can be made 5 days ahead and cooled completely, uncovered, then chilled, covered; reheat over low heat before stirring in yogurt and ground cashews.
Name:Tandoori Style Chicken	Recipe:Stir together lime juice, yogurt, minced chiles, salt, turmeric, coriander, cumin, ginger, garlic, cayenne, cinnamon, cloves, and 1 tbsp of oil in a mixing bowl. Cut slits across the meat of chicken and rub spice mixture all over chicken. Marinate chicken in this mixture for 8 hours or overnight. Preheat the last tbsp of oil in the bottom of a roasting pan and layer chicken pieces in the bottom of pan. Bake 425F for 35-40 minutes or until chicken is done (you may want to check the chicken about 5-8 minutes before and it may even cook longer than the 40 min, depending on size of pieces).
Name:Pita Bread	Recipe:Sift flour and salt together in a large bowl. Combine yeast, sugar and 1/3 cup very warm water-give a quick stir and set aside for 5 minutes to activate yeast. Make a well in the flour/salt mixture and add the yeast, 1 cup warm water and the olive oil. Gently stir to gather dough into a ball-you may need a touch more water-depending on where you live, altitude. Turn out and knead for 10 minutes. Put into a LIGHTLY greased large bowl, cover and place in a warm spot for around 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Punch down and knead to smooth. Cut dough into 12 pieces, form into rounds, roll out and place on a dusted baking sheet, cover and let rest for 45 minutes. Preheat oven to 500F degrees. I use my large cast iron skillet for this part, so I place it in the oven and when really hot I place in two pitas and let bake for around 3 minutes-you can broil for 1 minute if you like, just to get the tops browned. I wrap the cooked pitas in a slightly damp tea towel for a minute or two-then cool and place in plastic bags. This process can also be done on a cooking sheet.
Name:Chicken, Rice, and Spices Bake	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375°F and grease a 9x13-inch baking dish. Bring water to boiling and add chicken bouillon cubes, lower heat and simmer till dissolved--keep it hot. Sprinkle chicken with half the spices (except the garlic). Heat the olive oil in a large skillet on med-high to high heat and fry the chicken till both sides are brown, lower heat to medium and remove the chicken to a plate. In that same skillet sauté the onions for 2 minutes, then add the garlic and remaining spices and sauté another 2 minutes, then turn off the burner. Add the rice and stir for about 30 seconds to 1 minute, till well coated. Spread rice in the baking dish and place the chicken thighs over the rice. Gently pour in the chicken stock and cover tightly with foil. Bake for 40-45 minutes.
Name:Indian Lentil Soup (Dal Shorva)	Recipe:Rinse the beans or lentils. Bring to a boil with the stock, turmeric, Cayenne, cumin, cardamom and curry/bay leaves. Let simmer until the beans or lentils are very soft (ca 30 minutes). If using bay leaves, remove them now. Curry leaves can be left in the soup. Run the soup quickly in a blender to a not too smooth consistency (or mash the lentils/beans with a ladle). Sautee the garlic and mustard seeds lightly in the fat and add to the soup. Let simmer for another 5 minutes. Add salt, pepper and squeezed lemon to taste. Serve hot with pita or paratha bread.
Name:Indian Masala Chai	Recipe:In a mortar, crush the cloves, cardamom pods and cinnamon, or use a coffee grinder. Transfer the crushed spices to a small saucepan, add the water, ginger and pepper and bring to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat, cover and let steep for 5 minutes. Add the milk and sugar to the pan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the tea. Cover and let steep for 3 minutes. Stir the chai, then strain it into a warmed teapot or directly into teacups. Enjoy!
Name:Chicken Vindaloo	Recipe:Salt and pepper the chicken quarters. Heat a large frying pan and brown the chicken in the Ghee. You will have to do this in two batches. Remove the chicken to a 6-quart stove-top covered casserole, leaving the fat in the pan. Add the garlic and onion to the pan and sauté until golden brown. Add to the casserole along with the ginger, cumin, mustard seed, cinnamon, cloves, turmeric, cayenne, and paprika. Sauté all for a few minutes and add all the remaining ingredients except for the garnishes. Cover and simmer until the chicken is tender. about 45 minutes. Stir a few times during cooking; partially remove the lid during the last 10 minutes or so to thicken the sauce. Top with garnishes. Ghee: Butter that is cooked to separate the clear butter fat from the milk solids and moisture, an ingenious method that allows butter to keep for long periods of time. Tamarind: Tamarind paste and concentrate, fresh products, are available in the produce section of many ethnic markets. Both products, made from the tamarind pod, need to be reconstituted.
Name:Curry Chicken	Recipe:preheat oven to 350. heat butter, honey, dijon mustard, and curry together in a pan. place chicken in a baking dish and pour sauce over chicken. bake for 50-55 mins.
Name:Aloo Palak (Indian Potatoes \u0026 Spinach)	Recipe:In a pan cook the spinach with garlic, ginger, onions and the green chilies for about 5-10 minutes. Remove from the pan and blend to a fine puree and keep aside. In the meantime boil the potatoes with salt and turmeric until done, apprximately 10 minutes and set aside when done. Heat ghee in a pan, fry cumin seeds along with spinach-onion paste and simmer for a few minutes. Add the cooked potatoes, garam masala, coriander and cumin powder and a little water if needed. Simmer for few minutes till the potatoes absorb the flavor. Add fresh cream if desired.
Name:Indian Butter Chicken	Recipe:Heat a wok until really hot, add 1 Tbsp oil. Add half the chicken and stir-fry for about 4 minutes or until chicken is a nice colour. Remove to plate. Add extra oil and cook remaining chicken. Remove from wok. Reduce heat and add the butter. When melted add all of the spices and stir-fry until fragrant- about 1 minute. Return chicken to wok and stir to coat with the spices. Add the tomato and sugar and simmer for 15 minutes- stir occasionally. Add the yogurt, cream and lemon juice and simmer for 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens a bit. Serve over rice. **This dish can be frozen. After step nine cool completely then store in a zip-lock bag in the freezer. To reheat, thaw in bag in fridge overnight then add contents to saucepan. Reheat gently, then simmer for 8 minutes - add the yoghurt, cream and lemon juice and simmer for 5 more minutes.
Name:Curried Chickpeas and Black Beans-Low Fat	Recipe:Heat oil in a large, non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and ginger and saute about 3 minutes, or until tender. Add curry powder and stir to coat onions evenly. Add tomatoes with their juices and cook 1-2 minutes or until mixture seems slightly thickened, stirring well. Add black beans, chickpeas and salt to taste. Stir to coat beans evenly. Cover, reduce heat and simmer for about 5 minutes or until chickpeas are heated through. Turn off heat, and stir in fresh cilantro (or parsley), and lemon juice. Serve warm. This dish goes nicely over some jasmine or basmati rice.
Name:Brinjal (Eggplant) Curry	Recipe:Cut the eggplants into 1-inch pieces- preferably keeping at least one side of each piece with the skin on. Put the eggplant pieces into a strainer and sprinkle liberally with salt. Place a small plate on top of the eggplant, and a weight on top of the plate- this process draws the excess water out of the eggplant, and it won't be overly salty. Leave for at least 30 minutes. Heat 1 1/2 tbsp oil in a heavy pan. When hot, add mustard seeds- they will start to pop in a few seconds. When they begin to pop, add the sliced onions, garlic and ginger. Turn the heat to medium, and cook until mixture is nicely browned. Add cayenne pepper, tumeric, garam masala and cumin to the onion mixture. Cook spices for a few minutes, then add water and tomato paste, and reduce heat to low. Let the sauce cook gently, but don't allow it to become dry. In a large skillet, heat 1 1/2 tbsp oil over moderate heat. Add eggplant pieces to the pan, and arrange in a single layer. Saute until all sides are brown and crisp. Once all eggplant pieces are browned, incorporate them into the sauce pan, making sure to cover all pieces with the sauce. Add lemon juice and salt. Cook gently until eggplant is cooked through (about 15-20 minutes). Stir occasionally (and very gently) and serve.
Name:Chickpea Curry (Garbanzos)	Recipe:Saute onions in olive oil for 3 minutes. Add ginger, garlic and curry powder (I use about 3 teaspoon for medium-spicy), stir and cook for another minute or so. Add chickpeas and salt and a tablespoon or so of water. Cook and stir about a minute. Add tomatoes and cook for 5 minutes, stirring gently. Add another spoonful of water if it seems dry or if it's burning or sticking. Serve with flatbread and rice.
Name:Restaurant-Style Tandoori Chicken in the Oven!	Recipe:In a small mixing bowl, stir together the yogurt and lemon juice. Add the spices, minced garlic, and chili paste, and whisk until you have a smooth, thick marinade. Put 6 pieces of the chicken in each of two zip-lock bags, and add 1/2 the marinade to each bag. Zip closed and knead the bags until the chicken is well-coated with marinade. Open bags slightly, squeeze out most of the air, and zip closed again. Refrigerate 12-24 hours. If serving this for dinner, I usually make the marinade and start the chicken soaking the evening before. Turn the bags and knead the marinating chicken once or twice while it's in the refrigerator. When you are ready to cook, take the chicken out of the refrigerator, line a large roasting pan with foil, lay a rack over the pan so air can circulate under the roasting chicken, and pre-heat your oven to 425. If you have a convection bake or convection roast cycle, use that. Place the chicken pieces on the rack so they are not touching. Empty what is left of the marinade into a bowl or measuring cup and touch up any "empty" spots on the chicken pieces with the marinade. Once the oven is hot, put the pan with the chicken in the oven, and leave the door closed (no peeking!). Turn the chicken pieces once after 30 minutes of cooking time, then roast for another 10 to 15 minutes, or until slightly charred on the second side, but no more than 15 minutes for legs and thighs. If you are cooking breasts, poke one with a skewer to make sure the juices run clear. NOW TURN THE OVEN OFF, and let the chicken rest in the closed oven for 20-30 minutes more (not critical, but NO PEEKING!). Remove the chicken to a warm platter, garnish with the onion rings and a few squeezes of lemon, and enjoy! See if you don't agree this is as good as any "authentic" Tandoori chicken you've ever tried!
Name:Indian Cucumber Salad	Recipe:Peel cucumbers; slice in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Dice the cucumbers and place in a bowl. Whisk together yogurt, lemon juice, sugar, cumin and mint. Pour over cucumbers and toss to coat.
Name:Carol\u0027s Dal Curry (curried lentils)	Recipe:Cover bottom of saucepan with vegetable oil. Fry onion about 5 minutes, add cilantro and continue frying over medium heat, until onion is golden. Add tomato and let get a little soft. Add rest of ingredients, including spices (add spices according to your taste!) and let simmer for about 30 minutes.
Name:Leftover Lamb Curry	Recipe:Using a food processor (if you have one), finely chop the onion, apple, celery and garlic. Melt the butter in a skillet and cook the vegetables until softened but not browned. Stir in the curry powder and thyme; cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Stir in the chicken stock and tomatoes; simmer for two minutes. Season with salt and pepper; add more curry powder if desired. For a smooth sauce, puree in the food processor and pour back into the skillet. Add the lamb to the skillet; cover and simmer until the lamb is heated through, about 10 minutes, adding a little more stock if the sauce is too thick. Serve over rice.
Name:Creamy Chickpea Curry	Recipe:Heat oil in a large skillet over a medium high heat. Add onions and cook until they start to brown. Add garlic and curry. Stir-fry until garlic is soft and curry dissolved. Add chickpeas, Coconut Milk, and soy sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer 10 minutes. Add tomatoes, sugar, and lime juice. Simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in basil or cilantro until combined, and serve over rice.
Name:Lentil Dal	Recipe:Heat olive oil in large saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion, ginger, cumin, turmeric, red peppers, and garlic. Saute 2 minutes. Add cauliflower and tomatoes; saute 1 minute. Stir in water and lentils; bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 35 minutes or until lentils are tender. Stir in lime juice, cilantro, and salt. Serve 1 cup lentil mixture with 1 cup rice.
Name:Aloo Gobi - Cauliflower and Potatoes	Recipe:Heat the oil in a large 12 to 14 inch skillet. When the oil is smoking, scatter in the fenugreek, fennel, cumin and red peppers. Stir once and add the cauliflower and potatoes. Stir lightly until coated with spices and oil. Turn heat down to medium. Add turmeric, ground coriander, salt and pepper. Sauté for 8–10 minutes. Add ¼ cup water and cover immediately. Turn heat very low and steam vegetables for 7-10 minutes (until tender). Sprinkle the garam masala over the vegetables, stir once and serve.
Name:I Can\u0027t Wait for Chole	Recipe:In large saucepan over medium heat, heat cumin seeds, bay leaf and cinnamon until very fragrant, swirling around to prevent burning. Add ginger and garlic, cooking until the smell of those fills the air, then add onions. Saute onions, stirring frequently, and adding drops of water to prevent sticking, until they are translucent. Add the tomatoes, coriander, turmeric, salt, and cayenne. Check for seasoning, adding more as you prefer. Bring to a boil. Add garbanzo beans (chickpeas), cover, and reduce heat. Simmer on low for 10-15 minutes. Stir in garam masala and lemon juice just before serving. Garnish with a sprinkle of chopped cilantro if you desire. Serve with rice, or Indian breads or pitas (breads are best warmed on a hot griddle).
Name:Indian Spiced Rice	Recipe:Cook green onion in butter in a saucepan until tender but not brown. Stir in rice, salt garam masala, red pepper and garlic. Cook and stir over medium heat for 1 minute. Add water. Bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 15 minutes; do not lift lid. Remove saucepan from heat. Let stand covered for 10 minutes. To freeze: Place prepared rice in freezer bag. Seal, pushing out as much air as possible, label and freeze. To serve: Thaw in fridge. Place in baking dish and add 1 T.water for each cup of rice. Stir and reheat at 300 degrees for 35-40 minutes.
Name:Ginger Yogurt	Recipe:In a bowl, combine yogurt, marmalade, brown sugar, and lemon juice; mix thoroughly. Cover and refrigerate for several hours to blend flavors. To serve, spoon into 4 dessert dishes.
Name:Indian Kadai Chicken	Recipe:Grind corriander seeds and whole red chillies into a coarse powder. Heat oil in a kadai. Add bay leaves. After about 30 seconds, add onions and saute till they turn light golden brown. Add ginger-garlic paste. Saute for 2 minutes on medium flame. Add the above coarse powder. Stir well. Add tomatoes and cook till they are fully cooked. Add chicken pieces, salt to taste and red chilli powder. Mix well. Cover the kadai. Cook till the chicken becomes tender. Sprinkle garam masala powder over the chicken. Garnish with corriander leaves and onion rings. Serve hot with rotis or parathas.
Name:Chickpeas and Rice	Recipe:Cook water, rice, thyme, and bay leaf and set aside. Heat olive oil and half of the butter in a skillet and then add chickpeas. When chickpeas start to lightly brown (about 5 mins) add parsley and the sun-dried tomatoes and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add oregano, basil, salt, and pepper and cook for an additional 1-2 minutes. Remove from heat and mix rice and chickpeas together until rice is a golden color. Mix in remaining butter (cubed) and Parmesan cheese.
Name:American Indian Fry Bread	Recipe:Heat oil in skillet til hot over med-high heat, but not smoking. In a large bowl, Combine the rest of the ingredients to make dough. Shape into round disks. Fry shaped dough in hot oil til brown and crispy. Serve hot. Traditionally you would eat this with stew. Or top with some honey. I personally like to spread a little butter on it. Two other popular choices, make chili. Pile Chili on top and add a little cheese, lettuce and tomato for a"Navajo Taco" Or use the round as your base for a Tostada, add taco meat, beans, cheese, lettuce, tomato and Guacamole. See my Creamy Guacamole recipe.
Name:Mattar Paneer	Recipe:Heat oil and fry paneer cubes till they turn golden brown. Set aside. In a separate pot, heat oil (or ghee) and mustard and cumin seeds, until they turn color and sputter. Add chopped onions, ginger and garlic and cook until onions soften. Add tomato, salt, sugar, and cook till the tomatoes soften. Then add garam masala, chilli powder, turmeric powder coriander powder and cumin powder. Add the water and stir it in, using your discretion depending on how dry the dish is. If you added too much water, just let it simmer away until much of it evaporates - you want your tomatoes soft anyway. Add the peas. Cook just until the peas are tender. Pour in the cream, mix, and add the paneer and let simmer on medium heat for the paneer to absorb the flavors. Garnish with cilantro.
Name:Broccoli Dal Curry	Recipe:Heat butter in saucepan and saute onions until well browned. Add chili powder, pepper, cumin, coriander and turmeric. Stir and cook, 1 minute. Add lentils, lemon juice, broth and coconut if using. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer for 45-55 minutes (if mixture is too thick, you may need to add a little hot water). Steam broccoli for 7 minutes. Plunge broccoli in cold water and set aside. Remove 1/3 cup of liquid from the lentil mixture. Add to flour to form a smooth paste. Return to pan; add broccoli, salt and nuts if using. Simmer for 5 minutes. Serve over Basmati rice.
Name:Easy Crescent Samosa (Indian Style Sandwiches)	Recipe:Saute onion and garlic in oil 5 minutes until onion is soft. Add all other ingredients except crescent rolls. Stir gently over medium heat for several minutes until well incorporated. Set aside. Heat oven to 375°F. Open cans of crescent rolls and unroll the dough. Separate into 4 rectangles and pinch the triangular perforations to seal. Cut each rectangle in half crosswise to make squares (you'll have 8 squares per can of crescent rolls). You may have to coax the dough gently with your hands to make it square and to close up the perforations. Spoon a heaping spoonful of filling in the center of each square and fold over to make a triangle. Pinch the edges to seal. Bake on cookie sheets sprayed with Pam for 12-15 minutes until golden. Cool slightly on rack. Serve warm with Honey Dipping Sauce. Mix sauce well in small bowl.
Name:Black-Eyed Pea Masala	Recipe:Drain your peas. Heat oil/ghee (allow to melt) in a medium heavy pot over medium heat and fry chiles, garlic, onion, and ginger for approx 6 minutes. Add your curry powder/garam masala, turmeric and cumin, and then add the tomatoes. Cook for approximately 3 minutes until it begins to thicken and add your peas and salt to taste, along with 4 cups of water. Allow water to boil and then reduce your heat, cover and cook for approximately 2 hours until your peas are done and the sauce is nice and thick. After the peas are done, fold in your yogurt (may wish to use a little more or little less to your tastes) and cilantro, and serve. This goes well with rice or with chappati/roti. Garnish with minced cilantro.
Name:Lentils, garlic and tomatoes	Recipe:Heat the oil in a large 2 quart pot over medium heat. Add garlic and cook until JUST turning golden. Add tomatoes and cook down to thick, around 8 minutes. Add lentils and 2 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat. Simmer 30 minutes. Add the salt and lemon juice. Mix well.
Name:masala chai (indian spiced tea)	Recipe:put the water on the stove and add spices, bring to boil. cover and let simmer for few minutes. add sugar or sucanat (whole ground sugar cane--like jaggery) and milk, stir. bring back to just barely boiling (watch pot, milk will bubble over). add tea leaves, cover pot, remove from heat. steep for 5 minutes. pour through filter to remove spices and tea leaves.
Name:Aloo Matar Ka Pulao ( Indian Rice With Potatoes and Peas )	Recipe:Wash rice and soak in 2 cups of water for an hour. Drain well. In a heavy pan, heat the butter and add the cumin and the ginger. When the ginger becomes a light brown, add the peas and potatoes, coriander, garam masala, salt and turmeric. Stir-fry till well mixed. Add the drained rice & 4 cups of water, bring to a boil uncovered, then lower the heat to simmer and cover. The rice should be done in 10 minutes. Serve hot.
Name:Low Fat Red Pepper Hummus	Recipe:Drain& rinse chick peas/garbanzos, reserving liquid. In small bowl, combine cumin, coriander, cayenne (use less if you don't want it very spicy, but we like it with 1/2 tsp),& salt, mixing throughly. Put garbanzo beans/chick peas in bowl of food processor with chopping blade,& sprinkle the spice mixture over the top evenly. Add the tahini, lemon juice, garlic,& roasted red peppers, and blend until well mixed. Add the fresh ground pepper. Once the hummus gets smooth, add some of the reserved liquid from the chick peas/garbanzos while it is being processed, until it reaches the desired consistency. Serve with toasted pita bread or as a dip or spread with almost anything. Have fun with this basic recipe- you can change the amounts or even the actual spices used to change the flavor of this healthy dip. Please share your discoveries!
Name:Tasty Tandoori Sweet Potatoes	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line small, rimmed baking sheet with foil. Spray with cooking spray. Add cubed sweet potatoes, tandoori paste, sesame seeds, veg oil, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and red pepper flakes to bowl. Stir until the sweet potatoes are well coated. Pour onto the prepared baking sheet & separate into a single layer. Bake 20 minutes on bottom shelf. Remove from oven & with spatula turn over & stir the sweet potatoes. Place bake into the oven for additional 15-20 minutes. Watch closely. They may need to be moved to top shelf.  Potatoes should begin to crisp and not be too dark. Remove from oven. Sprinkle with reserved 1/2 teaspoon of kosher salt.
Name:Easy Mango Chicken	Recipe:Pound chicken breasts to 1/4" thick. Saute green pepper and shallots in butter. Add chicken. Saute till done. Remove chicken from skillet. Add bouillon, mango chutney, orange juice, water and ginger. Stir. Simmer for 5-10 minutes until sauce thickens. Return chicken to skillet with cubed mango. Heat through.
Name:Cardamom Lassi	Recipe:Spoon the yogurt into a blender. Add 6 tbls. of the sugar to the yogurt. Add ice and cardamom and blend until the yogurt mixture is smooth and frothy. Add up to 2 more tbls. of sugar if you want a sweeter drink. Pour into tall galsses and serve cold. Enjoy!
Name:Coriander Lemon Chicken	Recipe:Heat the oil and brown the chicken, you might have to do that in batches, remove from the pan with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the garlic to the same oil, when that starts to brown lower the heat to medium and add the ginger/water mix, fry this for 1 minute Then add: coriander, chili, cayenne, cumin, coriander, turmeric and salt, cook for another minute and mix well. Return the chicken to the pan, with the accumulated juices, add the water and the lemon juice. Stir, bring to the boil, and then cover and simmer on a low heat for 15 minutes, depending what chicken meat is used. When cooked and you find the sauce too thin, uncover the pot and reduce the sauce by using some higher heat.
Name:Butter Chicken	Recipe:In a large pan, heat the butter until it is frothy. Add the onions and the cinnamon to the pan and fry lightly. When the onions are soft, stir in the garlic and ginger, then add the turmeric, chilli and coriander, and saute over a medium heat. Add the chicken and saute stirring constantly until the chicken meat turns white. Add the ground almonds, tomatoes and tomato paste. Mix thoroughly, cover and simmer for 20-30 minutes. Add the yoghurt and heat through gently before serving.
Name:The Best Biryani	Recipe:Soak rice for half an hour. Cook in rice cooker with 15 cups of water. Cook rice until almost done. Fry onions in oil until golden brown. Add ginger and garlic. Add chili powder, cloves, cardamom, pepper corn, cumin, curry, graham masala, coriander, cinnamon stick, bay leaves, dried plums, and salt. Add yogurt. Add tomatoes and cook until dry. Add meat. Add green chiles. Cook until meat is done and add water if needed. Add cilantro. Mix saffron with hot water. Layer rice and meat mixture and sprinkle with saffron mixture. Put in oven at 350°F for 20 minutes.
Name:Cucumber Raita	Recipe:Place the cucumber into a sieve and sprinkle with salt and mix well, allow it to set over a sink or other place to drain for half an hour or so. Pat the cucumbers dry with paper toweling. Mix the yogurt in a bowl with enough salt to taste and add cucumber, green onions, and the chopped chilies and mix well. Top with a few thin slices of cucumber and sprinkle with chopped cilantro and serve. If not serving immediately, refrigerate until needed.
Name:Coconut muffins	Recipe:Beat egg in a bowl. Add milk, oil and essence and blend all well together. Stir in the dry ingredients. Mix well. Spoon into muffin pans. Bake at 180C (356 F) for 25 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool on a wire rack. Serve.
Name:Naan	Recipe:Whisk warm milk/water with the yeast and sugar until the yeast is dissolved. Cover and let stand in a warm place for 10 minutes. Sift flour and salt three times into a large bowl add the yeast mixture, half of the ghee and the yogurt. Mix into a soft dough then knead on a floured surface for about 5 minutes or until dough is smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a large greased bowl, cover and let stand in a warm place for 1 1/2 hours or until the dough is doubled in size. Punch down dough then knead for 5 minutes. Divide dough into 6 pieces. Roll each piece out into 8 inch round nans. Cover an oven tray with foil and grease the foil. Brush the nan with a little of the remaining ghee and sprinkle with some of the kalonji. Cook Nan one at a time under a very hot grill for about 2 minutes on each side or until puffed and just browned.
Name:Saffron Rice	Recipe:Place the saffron in a small bowl and cover with 3 tablespoons of boiling water. Soak for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the butter over moderate heat in a large 3 or 4 quart stockpot. Add the cinnamon and cloves and stir well. Add the onions, garlic and saute for about 2 minutes. Add the rice and stir for about 5 minutes. Pour in the 4 cups of boiling water or broth, salt, and the cardamom. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add the saffron and its soaking water. Stir gently. Cover, reduce heat, and cook for 25 minutes. Fluff, remove cloves and cinnamon sticks and serve hot.
Name:Perfect Oil Pastry	Recipe:Measure the flour carefully and put it in a medium-sized bowl. Add the dash of salt and stir it with a fork. Pour the oil in and stir and "cut" it with a fork until you've got clumps varying between pea-sized and lima bean-sized. Distribute the cold water over the mixture and stir and mash with the fork just until it all balls together. Wipe your countertop with a damp cloth and spread a piece of wax paper on it. The paper should not slide -- if it does, dampen the counter a LITTLE more. Form a little more than half of the dough into a disk and place it on the wax paper. Cover it with another piece of wax paper. Roll the dough with a rolling pin from the center out in all directions, keeping it as circular as possible. Periodically do the following: peel off the top piece of wax paper, then lay it gently back on top of the crust. using the bottom piece to lift it, turn the crust over, peel off that piece of wax paper, lay it back down again and continue rolling. Continue the peel-replace-flip-peel-replace technique until your crust is about two inches bigger than your pie pan. IMPORTANT: Peel-replace-flip-peel -- then use the bottom piece of paper to lift the crust and place it over your pie pan. Gently peel off the wax paper. Use the same technique to roll the top crust. As you prefer, you can leave the top crust whole, cut it into strips for lattice, or whatever. OPTIONAL: Brush the top crust with milk and/or sprinkle it with sugar. Bake according to your pie directions. BON APPETIT!
Name:Indian Rice Pudding	Recipe:In a large nonstick sauté pan over medium heat, combine cooked rice and whole milk. Heat until mixture begins to boil. Decrease heat to low and cook to a simmer, stirring frequently, until mixture begins to thicken, approximately 5 minutes. Increase heat to medium, add heavy cream, coconut milk, sugar, and cardamom. Continue to cook until mixture just begins to thicken again, approximately 5-10 minutes. Use a whisk to prevent the cardamom from clumping. Once mixture begins to thicken, remove from heat and stir in raisins and pistachios. Transfer the mixture to individual serving dishes or a glass bowl and place plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding. Serve chilled or at room temperature. Note: The mixture may not seem thick enough when you remove it from the heat, but once you add the raisins and pistachios and chill, it will get nice and creamy. I like my rice pudding a little sweet, so I also added a little bit more sugar than the 2 oz. called for in the recipe to suit my personal taste.
Name:Spiced Indian Cabbage	Recipe:Heat the oil. Add the cumin and mustard seeds. Add the asafoetida powder. Add ginger, garlic, chillies and onions. Cook till the onions are a little soft. Add the cabbage. Add salt and turmeric powder. Cook till the consistency which you like your cabbage to be cooked. *I cook about 5 minutes because I like my cabbage crunchy. Add chopped cilantro. Serve with Indian bread. Variations:. I have these variations which I use depending on what I am in the mood for 1. Add chopped tomato along with the onions. 2. Add boiled, diced potatoes. 3. Add grated fresh coconut or dry coconut with the cabbage.
Name:Saag Chicken	Recipe:Fry the chicken in 4 tbs oil for around 3-4 minutes until lightly browned and set aside. Put the spinach in a pot, add 1/4C water. Bring to the boil and remove from heat. When cool, grind very well (almost to a paste) in blender and set aside. Heat the remaining 3 tbs oil in a pan and add ginger, garlic and onions. Fry until lightly brown. Add tomatoes, salt, cayenne pepper, ground coriander, turmeric, cloves and cardamom. Sprinkle with 1 tbs water. Cook for 10 minutes on a low heat. Add chicken and milk to the pan. Simmer until the chicken is tender (about 10 minutes). Add spinach and garam masala to the pan. Cook until spinach starts sticking to the pan (about 15 minutes). Remove from heat, add butter and cover until ready to serve with rice.
Name:Mango Chutney	Recipe:Peel the mangoes and cut into small pieces, set aside. Place the sugar and all but 20ml of the vinegar in a pan and simmer for 10 minutes. Place the ginger, garlic and remaining vinegar in a food processor or blender and work to a paste. Add to the pan and cook for 10 minutes, stirring. Add the mango and remaining ingredients, and cook uncovered for 25 minutes, stirring as the chutney thickens. Watch it carefully, as it can catch at this stage! Pour into sterilized jars, seal with cellophane covers and label. The chutney will keep for several months, but it doesn't last that long in our house.
Name:Kashmir Lamb With Spinach	Recipe:Heat the oil in a pan and over medium heat brown the lamb in batches. Add the onions, garlic and ginger and cook, stirring often, for 3 minutes. Add the spices (not bay leaves) and cook, stirring, for 1- 2 minutes until spices are fragrant. Return the lamb and any juices to the pan. Add the stock and bay leaves. Bring to the boil and then reduce heat, stir well, cover and simmer for 35 minutes. Add the cream, stir, cover and cook a further 20 minutes. Add the spinach and cook until the spinach has softened.
Name:Lamb Curry	Recipe:Heat the oil in a large saucepan, and gently fry the onion, garlic and ginger until soft and golden. Add the curry powder, salt and vinegar and stir thoroughly. Add the lamb and cook, stirring constantly until the lamb is coated with the spice mixture. Add the tomatoes, chillies and mint. Cover and cook over a very low heat for 1 1/4 hours or until the lamb is tender, stirring occasionally. Add the garam masala and chopped coriander in the last 5 minutes of cooking. *note-the tomatoes should provide enough liquid for the meat to cook in, but if necessary, add a little hot water, (approximately 1/2 a cup) just enough to stop the meat sticking to the saucepan.
Name:Gordon Ramsay\u0027s Tikka Masala	Recipe:Heat 2 tbsp oil in a large pan. Slice the onion and add to the pan. De-seed and chop the chilie, chop ginger and add to the pan. Crush the garlic and add to the pan; cook for 2-3 minutes. Add chili powder, turmeric, garam masala and sugar; cook for 1-2 minutes. Add tomato puree and tinned tomatoes; stir and cook for a few minutes. Transfer sauce to a food processor and blitz until smooth. Add 1 tbsp fresh oil into the pan in which you cooked the sauce and fry the chicken until lightly coloured. Pour the sauce back into the pan and add the curry leaves. Simmer for 10 minutes, or until chicken is cooked. Stir in the yogurt (I swirl mine through it, rather than mix it in completely)with half of the chopped coriander and serve, garnishing with the remaining coriander.
Name:West Indian Pumpkin Soup	Recipe:In a mixing bowl, toss squash and sweet potatoes with melted butter, brown sugar, salt and black pepper. Spread mixture onto a greased roasting pan. Bake at 350F for 1-1 1/2 hours, or until tender. Saute onion in oil in a large pot until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the scotch bonnet, garlic, and ginger and cook just until fragrant. Add the thyme, orange peel, curry powder, nutmeg, cinnamon stick, and bay leaves, mixing everything thoroughly. When it becomes sticky, add the roasted vegetables and stir to mix, then the chicken stock, stirring to keep blending everything. Bring mixture to a boil, then reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove soup from heat and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Puree approximately 1/3 of the soup in a blender until it is smooth then add back to soup and stir well. Add heavy cream and coconut milk and blend. Reheat if necessary. May also be chilled before serving up to 1 day. Serve cold or hot, garnished with roasted pumpkin seeds (if desired).
Name:Indian Sunflower Cookies	Recipe:Cream oil, brown sugar, egg and vanilla. Add flour, soda, salt (unless seeds are salted). Add oats and sunflower seeds. Cook @ 350 degrees 10-15 minutes.
Name:Restaurant Style Indian Butter Chicken (Chicken Makhani)	Recipe:To Marinade: Place cubed chicken in a nonporous bowl with yogurt, lemon juice, chili powder,salt and liquid smoke. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Mix in garlic, garam masala, butter, chili powder, ginger paste, lemon juice and oil. Replace cover and refrigerate to marinate for another 3 to 4 hours. Preheat oven to 400°F (200°C). Place chicken on an oven sheet and bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes. To Make Sauce: Melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir in 1 tbsp garam masala. When masala begins to puff and bubble, mix in ginger, garlic paste and green chile peppers. Saute 5 minutes, then stir in tomato puree, tomato paste, chili powder, salt, 1/2 tbsp garam masala and a couple more drops of liquid smoke. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring in honey, fenugreek and cream. Place cooked chicken in sauce mixture. Simmer on medium-low heat for about an hour or until liquid is reduced by 1/3. Salt to taste and garnish with fresh chopped cilantro (optional). Enjoy!
Name:Curried Poached Eggs	Recipe:Fill medium saucepan with about 3 inches of water. Stir in coriander, curry powder, cumin, turmeric, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a gentle simmer. Break one egg into a small dish. Gently slip egg into water. Repeat with remaining eggs. Cook in barely simmering water for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove eggs with a slotted spoon and drain well. Serve immediately on crisp buttered toast.
Name:Easy Pilau Rice	Recipe:Melt the butter in a saucepan. Stir in the rice until it is coated in the butter. Add the spices and salt. Add the boiling water. Cover with a tight fitting lid, and simmer on the lowest heat for 15 minutes--do not stir in the meantime.
Name:Just Right Spinach \u0026 Chickpea Curry (Vegan) - Chole Palak	Recipe:Pull out your blender, a small one if you have it, and combine the tomatoes, the ginger and the fresh chili if you are using. Puree until completely smooth the set aside.  In a medium sized saute pan over medium heat, add the oil. Once the oil is hot add in the asofetida followed by the whole cumin seeds. Stir - and once the spices are sizzling, add in the tomato mixture. Be careful, it will splatter. Mix to combine - it takes quite a few stirs to get it combined so don't worry. Let that saute a few minutes. Add the next three spices, (coriander, chili powder & turmeric) as well as the salt. Mix that together and let it all mingle together over medium low heat for about 10 minutes. It will reduce down a bit and the colour will begin to get darker.  Add in the fresh chopped spinach, followed by about 1/4 cup of water. Add up to 1/2 cup of water if you wish. Let that cook another few minutes and then add your chickpeas. You can mash some of the chickpeas with the back of a spoon if you like, it makes the gravy thicker.  The last ingredient is the garam masala, add it in and simmer for a few more minutes before serving. Garnish with fresh chopped cilantro if you like. That's it!
Name:Spicy Indian Grilled Chicken	Recipe:Combine all marinade ingredients well. Coat chicken pieces in marinade paste. Marinate from 1 hour, or up to overnight in the refrigerator. Grill over medium coals until browned, about 15 minutes each side.
Name:Indian Chana Masala	Recipe:Cut onion, tomato and green chili. Grind it in food processor along with ginger and garlic and make paste. Heat oil in a pan and fry bay leaves for 30 secs. Add the paste and fry on medium heat until golden brown (The oil starts separating from the mixture). Add red chili powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder, garam masala and salt. Mix well. Fry for 2-3 minutes. Add water enough to make thick gravy. Bring the gravy to boil. Add can chick peas. Stir well and cook over medium heat for 5-7 minutes. Garnish with chopped green coriander leaves and serve hot.
Name:Better Chai from a Chai Tea Bag	Recipe:Place water and tea bag in a small saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer for about ten minutes, until the water is reduced by half. If less than 1/2 cup of water remains after ten minutes, just top up with more water. Remove tea bag and stir in milk and honey or sugar. Allow the chai to just return to a boil, then pour into a mug and serve. Note that if you let chai sit for too long, it will form a "skin." This is normal, but if you'd rather not have it, periodically stir your chai while you enjoy it.
Name:Gajar Halva (Carrot Pudding - an Indian Dessert)	Recipe:Heat carrots and half-and-half to boiling in saucepan; reduce heat. Simmer uncovered, stirring frequently, until all the half & half is absorbed, about 45 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar, raisins, butter, cardamom and salt. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until all of the brown sugar is dissolved and the mixture is of your desired consistency, (pudding-like) about 15 minutes. Garnish with pistachios or slivered almonds. Serve warm and enjoy!
Name:Naan (Indian Flat Bread)	Recipe:Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together into a nice sized bowl. Stir in the beaten egg, yogurt and 2 tablespoons of the butter/ghee. Gradually stir in enough milk to make a soft dough. Knead dough very well. Lightly grease bowl and cover the dough with a damp cloth and place in a warm place for 2 hours. Preheat your oven to 400 degrees. Knead dough on a floured surface for 2 or 3 minutes until smooth. Divide into 8 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball, and then into ovals about 6 to 8 inches long. Grease a baking sheet with oil and brush both the sides of the rolled out Naan with oil. Sprinkle one side with poppy seeds if you wish to use them. Place the Naan on a baking sheet. Bake for 6 to 10 minutes until puffy and lightly golden brown. The bread puffs slightly, and will lightly brown on the sides. You can enjoy these Naan's plain or with your favorite Indian dish, such as a curry dish!
Name:Madhur Jaffrey\u0027s Naan Bread	Recipe:Put the milk in a bowl. Add 1tsp of sugar and the yeast. Stir to mix. Set aside for 15-20 minutes or until the yeast has dissolved and the mixture is frothy. Sift the flour, salt and baking powder into a bowl. Add the remaining 1tsp sugar, the yeast mixture, 2tblsp vegetable oil and yogurt and egg. Mix to form a ball of dough. Knead for 10 minutes until smooth and satiny (I did this in a stand mixer). Form into a ball. Pour 1/4tsp oil into a large bowl and roll the ball of dough in it. Cover the bowl with clingfilm and set aside for 1 hour until doubled in size. Preheat the oven to it's hottest temperature. Put your heaviest baking tray to heat in the oven. Preheat your grill. Punch down the dough and knead again. Divide into six equal balls. Keep covered when not working with the balls of dough. Roll the ball of dough into a tear-shaped naan, about 25cm long and 13cm wide at it's widest point. Remove the tray from the oven and slap a naan on it. Put in the oven for 3 minutes, it will puff up. Now place the tray under the grill for about 30 seconds to brown slightly (I didn't bother with this as my naan browned in the oven). Wrap the naans in a tea towel or foil. Make all the naans this way. Serve hot. I kept them warm wrapped in foil in a turned off warm oven, you can reheat them in the microwave for 40 seconds or so.
Name:Mom\u0027s Chicken Curry	Recipe:Saute onion in butter with curry powder. Blend in flour and other seasonings. Cook on low until smooth. Stir in broth and milk slowly with whisk to make sure to get all the lumps out. Bring to boil. Boil for one minute or until thickened while stirring. Stir in chicken and lemon juice. Serve over rice. Enjoy!
Name:Shrimp Vindaloo	Recipe:In a small bowl, add the first 12 ingredients; mix well to form a smooth paste; set aside. Add oil to a big saucepan; heat over medium heat. Add in the onion and garlic; saute about 4 minutes, stirring often, until the onion is translucent. Add in the paste and stir for 20 seconds. Quickly add the tomatoes and stir; make sure to scrape up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Once mixture begins to simmer, lower the heat to low, cover and cook for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Add in the shrimp, stir to coat. Increase heat to medium-and cook, stirring frequently, for 3 minutes or until the shrimp are pink. Add in lemon juice; stir and serve immediately over hot cooked rice.
Name:Nutty Basmati Pilaf	Recipe:Wash rice in a sieve under cold running water until water runs mostly clear. Place rice in a bowl with fresh cold water, and let sit 30 minutes. Drain well. Heat oil in a larger sauté pan, and lightly sauté the onion and garlic until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the rice, cumin seeds, coriander, cardamom and bay leaf. Toss rice to coat well with the seasonings, and lightly sauté 2 minutes. Add broth, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to low, and cook 10 minutes. (Do not lift lid.) Remove from heat and allow to sit 5 minutes before lifting lid. Add nuts and toss to combine. Garnish with fresh chopped cilantro. For Vegetarians use the vegetable broth.
Name:Indian Spiced Omelet	Recipe:Heat the oil in frying pan (I use a non stick pan) and fry the onion, chilli, ginger, garlic until translucent. Add turmeric and saute for a minute more. Add the other spices and cook for a few minutes more stirring now and then. Take them off the flame. Beat the eggs lightly and add salt to taste. Now add the cooked mix to the eggs. Add the green leaves chopped, (cilantro and mint). Now add it back to the pan which will have some grease in it. Cook for a few minutes and then flip over after sprinkling some lemon drops on the first side. You can also place this under a grill to do the second side. This goes very well with chapatis/ rotis too. N. B. You can add mushrooms/ carrots/ spinach/ tomatoes to the mix while it is cooking.
Name:Nordic Moon Ranch\u0027s Most Excellent Ground Lamb	Recipe:In a large, preheated heavy skillet over medium heat, brown lamb evenly. Drain of all fat. In same skillet, saute onion in olive oil until soft. Using mortar and pestal, grind garlic to a paste with the salt. Add paste to onions in skillet. Stir in curry powder and red pepper flakes if used. Return lamb to skillet and add tomato paste and broth or wine. Reduce heat and let simmer for 10 to 20 minutes, or until flavors have blended and liquids are thickened.
Name:Mango Peach Chutney	Recipe:Combine all of the chutney ingredients in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer gently, uncovered, for about 45 minutes, stirring ocasionally, until thick and translucent. Cool or chill before serving. This chutney will keep for several weeks stored in a tightly covered container in the refrigerator. If you wish, you may can the hot chutney in hot sterilized jelly jars, and seal with hot sterilized lids. No need to cook in a hot water bath, there is enough sugar and vinager to preserve.
Name:Garbanzo Beans (Chole)	Recipe:Sauté onions, add garlic and ginger in ghee. Fry for about 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, and cumin, coriander, turmeric and chili powders, and salt to taste. Cook for another 5 minutes. Add garbanzo beans, boil for a few minutes. Add garam masala, let mixture simmer. Remove from stove. Serve garnished with coriander leaves and lemon slices.
Name:Cabbage and Potato Fry	Recipe:Quarter, core and shred cabbage. Heat oil over medium heat. When hot, add cumin and mustard seeds and wait till they sputter. Then add finely sliced onion. Allow onion to soften and then throw in the shredded cabbage. Add salt, turmeric and coriander powders. Close pot, reduce heat slightly and allow to cook until cabbage wilts. As soon as cabbage reduces in volume, add small pieces of diced potatoes and continue cooking on medium heat till potatoes soften and cabbage is tender (while stirring occasionally). If desired, add in shredded coconut with potatoes as allow to cook as in previous step. Garnish with coriander sprigs. Goes well as a low-fat option with parathas.
Name:Butternut Squash Coconut Curry	Recipe:Place cubed butternut squash on a foil lined baking sheet, sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Sprinkle generously with curry powder, salt and pepper, and roast at 350 for 35-45 minutes, or until tender. You still want them to hold their shape when added to the curry, and not be mush :>. While squash cooks, heat 1-2 tsp of canola oil over medium heat. Add onions and a little bit of salt, and sauté 2-3 minutes, or until they begin to soften. Next, add the curry powder, cumin, corriander and cinnamon, and stir to coat the onions evenly with spices. Add tomatoes with their juices, and the chickpeas, stir to combine. Next, add the spinach, stirring to coat with cooking liquid. When all the spinach is added to the pan, cover and simmer until just wilted, about 3 minutes. Add coconut milk and gently stir to combine. Finally, add the roasted butternut squash to the liquid, and stir to coat. Top with fresh chopped cilantro (optional) and serve over basmati rice (I like brown basmati).
Name:I Love Palak Paneer (Spinach and Cheese Curry)	Recipe:Heat oil in large frying pan; cook spices, onion and garlic, stirring, until onion softens. Add lemon juice and spinach: cook, stirring, until wilted. Blend or process spinach mixture until smooth, return to pan, stir in cream. Add in paneer, cook over low heat, uncovered, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes or until heated through. Serve on steamed rice.
Name:Easy Chicken Tandoori	Recipe:Make several cuts in the chicken meat up to the bone, Rub in the lemon juice and the salt,leave for ca. 30 minute Mix all the ingredients for the marinade, rub it into the chicken, cover and put in the fridge for a day. Next day, preheat your oven to 400F, put chicken in a baking dish/tin, bake 15 minutes meat side up, 15 minutes meat side down and finish the cooking under a medium grill for about 10 minutes. On a large plate arrange the lettuce, onion and cucumber, place the chicken on top with the lemon wedges. Serve with your favourite Indian bread and a bowl of yogurt-chutney.
Name:Original Indian Naan Bread	Recipe:Sieve the flour. Add water, yogurt, egg yeast, nigella and salt to make a soft dough. If dough sticks too much then use little bit of oil on hand and then punch into dough. Top with oil. Let rest covered 15-20 minutes. Divide dough into 8-10 portion and form balls with little flour. Let rest 20 minutes. Now to make naan, set oven at broil. Roll oval shape out of dough: flat your balls and toss to make them bigger. Put 2 naans on the baking tray and place it into stove (make better naan on stove top) and flip it after about 2 min (you have to check!). On the other side they need now about 30-40 seconds (check!). Repeat with the other naans. Keep them covered with a towel and serve warm. Note: If you like, after taking it out apply some butter on them. And they are ready to eat.
Name:Spicy Indian Beef Curry	Recipe:1.Cut the beef into bite-sized cubes, put into a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with the garam masala, add the yoghurt and a good dash of olive oil, season and toss to coat. Cover with cling film and marinate for as long as possible while you prepare the rest of the curry. 2. For the spice mix, toast the cumin, coriander, fennel and fenugreek seeds in a dry pan, tossing over high heat for a few minutes until fragrant. Tip into a mortar, add a pinch of salt and grind to a fine powder. Stir in the curry powder and mix well. 3.Heat a thin film of olive oil in a large cast-iron casserole or a heavy-based pan. Add the onions, garlic, chilli, ginger and a little seasoning. Add the sugar to help caramelise the onions, followed by the coriander stalks cardamom pods and ground spice mix, stir, then cover and cook for 6-8 minutes until the onions are soft, lifting the lid to give the mixture a stir a few times. 4.Sear the beef in a hot pan and add to the onions along with the chopped tomatoes and tomato puree, stir over a medium-high heat for a few minutes and then add the beef stock and curry leaves. Cover the pan with a lid and simmer very gently, stirring occasionally, for approximately 30 mins or until the beef is tender. 5.To serve, ladle the curry into warm bowls and scatter over the coriander leaves. Accompany with a steaming bowl of basmati rice.
Name:Indian Saag Paneer (Low Fat Cheese With Spinach)	Recipe:Use cooking spray and heat garlic and ginger over medium-high heat till golden brown. Stir in tomato sauce, coriander, cumin, pepper, masala, salt, and reduce heat to low. Partially cover and summer for 8-9 minutes stirring frequently. Stir in spinach. Simmer 8-10 minutes until spinach turns olive green. Stir in whipping cream. Stir in cheese. Simmer for 3-4 minutes or until cheese is hot and remove from stove.
Name:Chicken Curry	Recipe:In a large pot, sauté onions in butter on medium high heat. Add in whole garlic cloves once onions are transparent. In a food processor, finely chop ginger and chili peppers. Add to onion mixture and continue to cook for 5 minutes. Place mixture in food processor and pulse until mixed. Return mixture to stove. Add in chopped tomatoes and tomato paste. Continue to cook a few minutes longer, until butter is released from mixture. Add in methi, red pepper, salt, turmeric, masala and chicken pieces. Mix to coat chicken. Cover and stir occasionally until chicken is thoroughly cooked, about 20 to 30 minutes. Once chicken is cooked, add just enough water so that chicken is almost, but not quite covered. Simmer a further 15 to 20 minutes until a slight discoloration to the curry appears on top. Can be eaten on a bed of rice or with Indian bread (chapatti or naan).
Name:Indian Fry Bread	Recipe:Mix the flour, baking powder and salt together. Add the water and knead the dough until soft. Roll the dough until 1/4 inch thick, then cut out rounds 4 inches in diameter. Fry the bread in 2 to 3 inches of hot oil until puffed and browned on both sides. Serve with honey, or powdered sugar or cinnamon sugar.
Name:"Gyoza Recipe (Japanese Pan-Fried Dumplings)"	Recipe:Toss the minced cabbage with the salt in a large bowl and let it sit for 10 minutes. Using both hands, or a cheese cloth, squeeze the cabbage firmly to drain and discard the excess water (prevent your dumplings from becoming mushy) and then transfer the cabbage to a deep bowl. Add the pork, ginger, garlic, green onion, miso, sesame oil, chili powder, and sugar. Mix everything together with your hands until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. Using your hands, scoop the mixture into a ball, lift it, and then throw it back into the bowl. Repeat several times to tenderize the meat and help the mixture stick together.Have a small bowl of cold water ready. Lay a dumpling wrapper on a dry work surface, and place a teaspoon of the meat mixture in the center of the wrapper. With a fingertip moistened with water, trace a line along half of the edge of the round wrapper. Fold the wrapper over to enclose the filling, and pinch the wrapper in the center to seal the edges together at that spot. Holding the filled half-circle in the left hand, pleat the top of the wrapper from the middle out, pressing it to the flat edge of the wrapper at the back. Set aside the stuffed dumpling with the pleated-wrapper edge up. Repeat to make 40 dumplings in all.In a large skillet with a tight fitting lid, heat 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil over medium-high heat. Carefully place as many of the dumplings that can fit without touching in the skillet with the pleated-wrapper edge up. Cook the dumplings for 3 minutes, or until nicely browned on the bottom. Check the progress by lifting 1 or 2 dumplings by their pleated edge.Once the bottoms are nicely browned, use the skillet lid to shield yourself and carefully pour in 1/4 cup of the water. When the hissing and splattering die down, drizzle in 1 teaspoon of the cooking oil around the edge of the skillet. Place the lid on the skillet to trap in the moisture and then quickly lower the heat to keep the liquid at a bare simmer.Check the dumplings after 2 minutes. When the wrappers appear slightly translucent and the meat feels firm when pressed lightly with a spoon, remove the lid and raise the heat slightly. Continue to cook until all the water has evaporated and only the oil remains (about 2 minutes). Once you hear a sizzling sound, shake the skillet. The dumplings should slide about. If they seem to stick to the skillet, move the skillet away from the stove and replace the lid for a moment. Remove the dumplings from the skillet with a broad flexible spatula. If you'd like, flip them over so that the seared surface faces up. Cook the remaining dumplings the same way. Serve the dumplings hot accompanied by the dipping sauce.While the dumplings are cooking, make the dipping sauce by mixing the soy sauce, rice vinegar and sesame/chili oil together in a small bowl.
Name:"Firecracker Shrimp Recipe &#8211; only 3 ingredients!"	Recipe:Peel and devein shrimp, leaving tail on. Nick the inside curve of the shrimp a few times to straighten shrimp (see photos).Cut wrappers in half, diagonally. Keep covered to prevent drying. In small bowl, whisk cornstarch with 1/4 cup water.Roll Firecracker Shrimp, as shown in the photos above, using the cornstarch slurry as the "glue". Keep finished rolls covered under plastic wrap to prevent drying. Add 1 1/2" of cooking oil to small saucepan. Heat to 375F. Before frying, double check to make sure each roll is tightly sealed. Paint a little cornstarch slurry to ends, if needed. In a small saucepan, whisk together the jam, water, ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil and cornstarch. Heat over medium heat until beginning to bubble. Turn heat to low, continue to whisk and cook for 1 minute.
Name:"Oven Barbecued Chicken Wings Recipe"	Recipe:To make the sauce: Melt the butter in a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomato puree, peach preserves, balsamic vinegar, bourbon, honey, mustard, and hot red pepper sauce and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring often, until thickened and reduced by about one quarter, 25 to 35 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.Position racks in the center and top third of the oven and preheat the oven to 425°F.To prepare the chicken: Mix the paprika, salt, thyme, black pepper, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl. Toss the chicken and oil in a large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with the spice mixture and toss again. Divide the wingettes between 2 large rimmed baking sheets.Bake for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and flip the wingettes over. Switch the positions of the baking sheets from top to bottom and continue baking until the wings are golden brown, about 20 minutes more. Transfer the wingettes to a large heatproof bowl. Add the sauce and stir gently to coat the wingettes. Pour off the fat from the sheets. Return the wingettes to a single sheet.Bake until the sauce is glazed, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer the wingettes and sauce to a platter and serve.	easy
Name:"My Mother&#8217;s Famous Chinese Egg Rolls Recipe"	Recipe:In a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, cornstarch and pork. Marinate at least 10 minutes. In the meantime, shred the cabbage and the carrots using your food processor or by hand. Slice the mushrooms into very thin strips (or you could use your food processor and pulse a few times to get a fine dice.Heat a wok or large saute pan over high heat. Add the cooking oil and swirl to coat. Add the marinated pork and stir-fry until no longer pink, about 2-3 minutes. Turn heat to medium-low, push the meat to one side of the pan. Add the garlic, cabbage, carrots, ginger and the mushrooms and stir-fry for 1 minute, until the vegetables are softened. Add the rice wine, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil and black pepper. Continue to stir-fry for another minute. Scoop out the filling to a baking sheet and spread out to cool. Prop up one end of the baking sheet so that it tilts and will allow all the moisture to drain to one end. Let cool for 15 minutes.Discard all of the accumulated juices. Use paper towels to blot the filling to rid of extra oil or juice. Now, you're ready to wrap (see step by step photos in the post for instructions on how to wrap).IMPORTANT: Only use 1 heaping tablespoon of filling for each egg roll. These are slender egg rolls, the width of the egg roll should only be 1.25" diameter.Keep the rolled egg rolls in neat, single layer and covered with plastic wrap to prevent drying. If you want to stack the egg rolls, make sure you have layer of parchment paper in between the layers to prevent sticking. Keep wrappers also covered with plastic wrap to prevent drying. Refrigerate up to 4 hours until ready to fry or freeze.If you want to freeze the egg rolls, lay the rolls in a single layer inside a gallon freezer bag. If they overlap, they might freeze and stick together. They can touch side by side, but try not to overload bag. When ready to cook, do NOT defrost, or they will be a soggy, deformed mess. Fry the egg rolls frozen (see below).Fill a wok or pot with 2 inches of high-heat cooking oil. Heat the oil to 350°F (175°C) or until a cube of bread will fry to golden brown within 10 seconds. Gently slide in or lower the egg rolls, frying 4 to 6 at a time, turning occasionally until golden brown about 1½ minutes. Place on wire rack to drain and cool.NOTE: To fry frozen egg rolls, do not defrost the egg rolls – just add them to the oil frozen, frying 4 to 6 at a time. Add an additional 1½ minutes to the frying time since they are frozen.	easy
Name:"Baked Parmesan Garlic Chicken Wings Recipe"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 425F. In a small bowl, mix together the oregano, rosemary, cumin and salt. Lay the chicken wings on a baking sheet and season the chicken wings with this mixture.Bake the chicken wings for 20-25 minutes. While the chicken is baking, mix together the butter fresh basil, garlic, parmesan cheese and seasoning salt.In a separate bowl, mix together the blue cheese dressing with the mustard (this is your dipping sauce)When the chicken is cooked through, toss the wings with the garlic/cheese/olive oil (or butter) sauce. Serve with the blue cheese/mustard dressing.	easy
Name:"Mummy Halloweenies"	Recipe:Preheat the oven to 375F.Roll out the dough very thin, then use a pizza cutter or sharp knife to cut skinny strips of dough. Wrap each hotdog. Leave a little bit of open space around the "face" of the mummy. Keep wrapping in a crisscross pattern until covered. Tuck the end underneath the mummy dog (so that it doesn't unravel during baking). Repeat with all hotdogs. Lay them on on baking sheet lined with parchment paper or baking mat.In a small bowl, whisk the egg with 1 tablespoon of water. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the glaze all over the top of each mummy dog.Bake 18-20 minutes, until the dough is nice and golden brown.Before serving, dog the mummy dogs with a little mustard or ketchup for the "eyes."	easy
Name:"Oven Roasted Grapes on the Vine Recipe"	Recipe:Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350F. Put the grape bunches in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast them for 45 minutes to 1 hour 15 minutes, until the skins are blistered and the grapes look like they are one-third of the way to becoming raisins. The time varies depending on the size and variety of grapes you use. If you're roasting more than one variety of grapes, keep them separated on the baking sheet so you can remove each variety as it's done. remove the grapes from the oven and carefully take the grapes from the baking sheet and lay them out on a pretty cutting board or platter. Serve on their own, with fresh ricotta, with honey, or with a selection of other cheeses as well.	easy
Name:"Chinese Spring Rolls Recipe"	Recipe:In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, wine, pepper and cornstarch. Add in the chicken and mix well. Let marinate for 10 minutes (or up to overnight in the refrigerator).Heat a wok or large saute pan over high heat. When hot, swirl in just 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil. Stir fry the ground chicken until browned. Remove browned ground chicken from wok to a bowl and set aside.Wipe the wok clean and turn heat to medium. When just starting to get hot, swirl in the remaining cooking oil. Add in the green onion, garlic and ginger and cook for 30 seconds. Take care not to burn these aromatics. Add in the carrots and cabbage. Stir well and turn the heat to medium-high. Stir fry the vegetables for 2 minutes, or until the carrots have softened. Add the cooked chicken back into the wok, stir well. Add in the oyster sauce and toss again. Spread the mixture out on a baking sheet to let cool. Prop up the baking sheet on one end so that any liquid collects on the other side. When the mixture is cool, discard the liquid.Mix cornstarch slurry: in a small bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and water. Open the egg roll wrapper package, cover with barely damp towel to prevent drying out.Add 1 tablespoon of filling to egg roll (see photos for instructions) and roll up. Secure with cornstarch slurry. Keep rolled egg rolls covered with plastic wrap to prevent drying.When ready to fry, heat 1 1/2" of oil in a wok or deep, heavy skillet to 350F (see tip in photos if you don't have thermometer). Carefully slide in the egg rolls, a few at a time, to the oil to fry. Turn the egg rolls occassionally to brown evenly and fry for about 3 minutes. Let cool on rack. Repeat with remaining.	medium
Name:"Spicy Shrimp Skewers"	Recipe:1. Bring sugar and lime juice to a simmer in a saucepan. Cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Remove from heat; stir in lime zest, chili paste, and fish sauce. Season with salt. Transfer half of sauce to another bowl (for serving).	easy
Name:"Best Chinese Potsticker Dumplings"	Recipe:To a large bowl, measure in the flour and the salt. Pour in the boiled water and stir the flour immediately and vigorously with a large wooden spoon until the flour resembles loose crumbles (about 30 seconds). Pour in the iced-cold water (discard the ice first, but make sure you have correct measurement of water). Stir vigorously again for 30 seconds or until a shaggy dough begins to form. Set aside spoon and use your hands to knead the dough in the bowl, while picking up flour/dough on the sides of the bowl. Knead for 2 minutes in the bowl. Turn out the dough onto a clean work surface. No need to dust the work surface with flour - unless the dough really sticks). The dough should be soft and elastic enough that kneading is very easy. Continue to knead your dough for another 3-5 minutes. As you knead the dough, it should become more smooth. In a medium sized bowl, plop in the dough ball, cover dough loosely with a barely damp paper towel and then cover bowl tightly with plastic wrap. Let rest for 20 minutes while you prepare the filling and the dipping sauce.In a bowl, mix the shredded cabbage with 1/4 teaspoon of salt (1/2 teaspoon kosher or sea salt, if using.) Set aside while you move on to next step of recipe.In a separate bowl, mix the ground pork with soy sauce, ground pepper, cornstarch, rice wine (if using) and sesame oil. Add in the chives, water chestnuts and mushrooms.Back to the cabbage - grab a handful of cabbage, squeeze hard to expel the water into the sink. Add the dry cabbage into the bowl with the rest of the filling ingredients. Mix well. You can cook a spoonful of filling in a small frying pan for a taste, if you'd like.Turn out the rested dough onto a lightly floured surface. Cut the dough in half, keep unused half under the damp paper towel to prevent from drying out. Roll out the other half into a long snake, about 1-1/4 inches in diameter. Cut into approximately 20 even pieces. Take 1 piece, gather up the edges and pinch together, forming a taut, round surface. Roll between palms to form ball. Squash between flat palms to flatten into disk. Use rolling pin to roll out to 3-1/2 inch diameter. Try to make the edges of wrapper thinner than the center. Repeat for remaining dough. If you don't have a helper on hand to fold the potstickers, keep wrappers under cover (plastic wrap or barely damp paper towel) to prevent drying out. Fill and fold potstickers according to the instructions and photos above in the post. Place folded potstickers on a floured piece of parchment or tin foil-lined baking sheet to prevent sticking.Mix together dipping sauce ingredients. Set aside until ready to serve.Have 1/4 cup water and a tight-fitting lid for your pan at the ready, by your stove. Heat a large, nonstick frying or saute pan over medium heat. When hot, swirl in a little cooking oil, just enough to swirl around. Carefully lay potstickers into the pan, they can touch a little, but do not overcrowd. Cook for 1-2 minutes, then peek under one or two potstickers to see if the bottoms have lightly browned. Adjust your heat if needed.When lightly browned, it's time for the steaming. In one hand, have the lid ready. In the other, carefully pour in 1/4 cup of water into the pan. It will splatter, so please be careful. Immediately cover pan with the lid to trap the steam. Let cook for 2 minutes, then open the lid. Continue cooking for another 2 minutes, until all of the water has evaporated. Take a peek under the potsticker. You can add a little more cooking oil if it has trouble browning (but only after all the water has evaporated, otherwise it will splatter.) Shake the pan to loosen the potstickers, swirl in the oil and tilt pan to distribute the oil. When bottoms are nicely browned, plate and serve with dipping sauce.	medium
Name:"Sous Vide Pork Belly Recipe"	Recipe:Place pork belly in a vacuum seal bag. Slather your desired sauce (Char Siu or Soy/Honey) on both sides of the pork belly. Seal the bag and prepare your sous vide machine to run at 158F for 16 hours. Make sure you have enough water in the pot, topping off as needed. When done, open bag, reserving the Char Siu sauce in the bag. Slice the pork belly into 1/4".	easy
Name:"Clams Casino"	Recipe:1. Preheat the oven to 400F with one rack in upper third of the oven and the other in center of oven. Line two baking sheets with aluminum foil. In the first baking sheet, arrange the bacon slices in a single layer. Bake in oven in the center rack while you proceed with the next step.	easy
Name:"Chinese Soup Dumplings Recipe (with Pork &#038; Crab)"	Recipe:Rinse the chicken and pork under cold water, then pat dry with paper towels. Using a large knife or cleaver, chop the chicken wings and feet in half to expose the bone. Dice the pork belly and ham into large chunks. Combine with the water, scallion, ginger and garlic in a large stockpot. Bring the water to a boil and then reduce to a rolling simmer. Skim the foam and impurities that rise to the surface of the stock for a clearer broth. Cook the broth, uncovered, for 2½ hours. Strain the stock through a fine-mesh sieve or colander lined with a lint-free towel into a clean pot. Discard the solids (or pull the braised meat from the wing bones and chop and use for dumpling filling, stir-fry, salad, stew or sandwiches). Place the strained broth back on the burner.	hard
Name:"Chinese Boiled Peanuts Recipe"	Recipe:Wash the peanuts. In a large pot, add in all of the ingredients. Fill pot with water, enough to cover the peanuts by 3" when submerged. Optional - use a plate to submerge the peanuts in the water.	easy
Name:"Thai Firecracker Shrimp"	Recipe:1. Shell the shrimp, leaving the tail on. Pat the shrimp very dry with a towel or paper towel. With a small knife, make three shallow, parallel slits along the inside curve of shrimp, just nicking the shrimp in place to "straighten" out the natural curve of shrimp. This will help keep the shrimp nice and straight when frying.	medium
Name:"Chinese Shrimp Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:In a small bowl, combine oyster sauce, soy sauce and cilantro and set aside.Pat the shrimp very dry with paper towels. In a medium bowl, add shrimp and cornstarch and toss to coat.In a wok or large saute pan over high heat, add half the cooking oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. When the wok is very hot, add the shrimp in a single layer and cook partially until one side is nicely seared, about 1 minute. Flip and sear the other side of each shrimp, about one more minute. They don't need to be cooked all the way through yet. Remove them to a plate and set aside.Turn the heat down to medium and let wok cool off a bit to prevent the aromatics from burning. Add the remaining cooking oil and add green onion, garlic and ginger and stir fry for a minute until fragrant. [If you are using other vegetables, like snow peas, add them to the wok now and stir fry for a minute or until the vegetables are bright in color and crisp-crunchy]Pour in the sauce mixture and add the shrimp back into the pan. Stir fry for another minute or so until shrimp is cooked through. Serve immediately.	easy
Name:"Healthy Garlicky Spinach Artichoke Dip with Baked Tofu Fries"	Recipe:1. Shell the shrimp, leaving the tail on. Pat the shrimp very dry with a towel or paper towel. With a small knife, make three shallow, parallel slits along the inside curve of shrimp, just nicking the shrimp in place to "straighten" out the natural curve of shrimp. This will help keep the shrimp nice and straight when frying.	easy
Name:"Indian Spiced Black Bean &#038; Tofu Burgers"	Recipe:Roughly chop the onion and bell pepper (it makes it easier for the food processor). In a food processor, add the first 6 ingredients. Pulse until the mixture becomes finely minced.	medium
Name:"Chicken Satay with Peanut Noodles"	Recipe:For the chicken satay: In a non-aluminum container, combine all ingredients together. Marinate in the refrigerator for 10 minutes or up to 24 hours. Heat the grill to medium-high. Skewer the chicken pieces on the soaked skewers and discard the marinade. Grill the chicken for 3-4 minutes per side, until cooked through. Serve the chicken warm with the peanut noodles.	medium
Name:"Wasabi Shrimp with Avocado on Rice Cracker"	Recipe:In a bowl, add a handful of ice cubes and cold water to cover. With a small or medium sharp knife, cut green onion stalks into 3" lengths. Slice the green onion lengthwise into long thin strips, as thin as possible (see video). Place green onion slivers into ice water. Set aside while you continue with rest of recipe.	meidum
Name:"Chinese Grilled Shrimp"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. In a large bowl, add all ingredients and mix thoroughly to coat the shrimp. At this point, you can refrigerate for up to overnight or just proceed to next step.	easy
Name:"Healthy Hummus Recipe"	Recipe:In a food processor, combine the chickpeas, lemon juice, salt, garlic and yogurt. Process for 1 minute, then open the food processer and scrape the sides. Process for another minute. While the processor is running, pour in the olive oil. Taste and check for smooth consistency. If the hummus is too thick, add 1 tablespoon of water. Just before serving, sprinkle with smoked paprika, fresh parsley and drizzle with additional olive oil.	easy
Name:"Curried Beef Dumplings"	Recipe:In a large bowl, combine: ground beef, ginger, garlic, curry powder, soy sauce cornstarch, salt, sesame oil, just ONE of the eggs, bell pepper and green onion. Mix thoroughly.	
Name:"Chinese Fried Wontons"	Recipe:In a large bowl, add the meat, ginger, garlic, green onions, soy sauce, oyster sauce, curry powder and kale and mix well to combine. To make the egg wash, in a small bowl, add the water and egg and whisk with a fork.
Name:"Chinese Egg Drop Soup"	Recipe:In a medium saucepan over high heat, add the mushrooms, chicken stock, rice wine and ginger and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and stir in the salt and pepper.
Name:"Vegetable Spring Rolls Recipe (Egg Rolls Recipe)"	Recipe:In a large saute pan or wok, swirl in 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil. Turn on the heat to medium-high and immediately add garlic, ginger and green onion, stirring frequently. By the time the oil is hot, add the mushrooms, cabbage, carrots and bamboo shoots.Turn heat to high and stir-fry the vegetables for about 2 minutes. and then toss in the bean sprouts. Add in the soy sauce and sesame oil. Cook for another minute. Then spread the filling out onto a large baking sheet. Prop the baking sheet up on one side to allow any juices to accumulate at the bottom (and discard to juices)In a small bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and 1/4 cup of cool water to form a slurry.Place a wonton or spring roll wrapper on a flat surface, add 1 tablespoon of the vegetable mixture into a corner of the wrapper, and then roll the edge of the wrapper tightly around the mixture. Fold the two side corners towards the middle of the wrapper while continuing to roll up. Paint the top edge with the cornstarch slurry mixture and wrap tightly the rest of the way. Make sure all edges are tightly sealed. Place seam side down. Cover with plastic wrap to avoid drying out.In a large wok or medium saucepan over high heat, add about 1-2 inches of cooking oil.Slide several egg rolls into the oil and allow them to cook for 2-3 minutes, turning them over a couple times, or until the wonton wrappers are golden brown. Remove the egg rolls to a cooling rack or paper-towel-covered plate to allow them to drain. Serve hot.
Name:"Pork Belly Buns Recipe"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 275F. Wrap the pork belly in heavy tin foil (or use 2 layers). Place on baking sheet and roast for 2 hours. Remove from oven and let cool before refrigerating at least 2 hour or up to 2 days.
Name:"Grilled Honey Miso Wings"	Recipe:1. Whisk together all of the ingredients except for the chicken wings. Pour the marinade in a zip-lock bag and add in the wings. Seal and toss to coat the wings evenly. Refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight.
Name:"Broccoli Spanakopita"	Recipe:1. Heat a large saute pan over medium-high heat. Swirl in the olive oil and saute the onions until transluscent. Add in the garlic and the broccoli and saute for 3 minutes, or until the broccoli is just starting to get tender but still bright green. Season with nutmeg, salt, pepper and lemon juice. Remove from heat and let cool until no longer steaming. Stir in the egg and the feta cheese.
Name:"Simple Grilled Calamari"	Recipe:1. Preheat grill. Wash squid, pat dry with paper towel. Cut squid into 2-inch tubes and thread onto bamboo skewer. Season both sides with salt and pepper.
Name:"Fried Smelt"	Recipe:1. In a large saute pan, add oil to reach 1/2 inch up the sides of the pan. Heat the oil until 350F or when you drop a few flakes of matzo meal into the oil it begins to bubble and lightly brown.
Name:"Grilled Bruschetta with Asparagus and Parmesan Cheese"	Recipe:Grill bread slices over medium high heat until golden brown on both sides. Rub one side of the bread with garlic; brush lightly with oil. Place in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Name:"Baked Crab Rangoon"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 375F. Spray both sides of the wonton wrapper with cooking spray and place snugly into muffin pan. Bake for 7-8 minutes until the edges are beginning to get golden brown and crisp. If you are having trouble getting the edges to brown, use tongs to remove the wonton cups and place them directly on the oven rack to bake for 1-2 minutes. They should crisp up nicely.
Name:"Smoky Sweet Spicy Wings"	Recipe:In a bowl, mix together all of the ingredients to form a thick marinade. Place wings and marinade into large sealable plastic bag. Toss to coat evenly. Marinate in refrigerator for 45 minutes up to overnight.
Name:"Baked Jalapeno Bacon Poppers"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 375F. Slice each sweet pepper in half lengthwise. Use your spoon to scoop out any seeds and some of the rib to make a nice, clean boat.
Name:"Spinach, Mushroom and Bacon Fondue (video)"	Recipe:1. Prepare the dipping foods by bringing the chicken stock to a boil in a sauce pot. Add the broccoli, cauliflower, asparagus and green beans and cook for 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, strain out the vegetables, reserving the broth. You will use 1/4 cup of this reserved broth in the fondue, but save the rest for another use.
Name:"How to make Cupcake Cake Pops (video)"	Recipe:1. Mix the cake batter according to package instructions. Pour batter in an 13" x 9" microwave safe pan. If you are using a smaller pan, use less batter or divide into two (though your cooking time will decrease and you'll have to adjust on your own.)
Name:"Chicken Wings, Momofuku Style"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 425F. Line a baking pan with parchment paper (or spray the pan with cooking spray). Place the chicken wings on the parchment paper in single layer. Bake for 20-25 minutes, turning the chicken wings over halfway during cooking process.
Name:"Chinese Boiled Pork Dumplings Recipe"	Recipe:1. To make the filling, put the cabbage in a food processor and process until cabbage is finely minced. Remove the cabbage to a large bowl and sprinkle with the salt. Let cabbage sit for 10 minutes. In the meantime, return the food processor bowl to the stand and add the ginger, chives, pork, pepper, soy sauce, rice wine and sesame oil. Pulse 4 times to mix the ingredients well. Set aside.
Name:"Red Lantern Crisp Parcels (Cha Gio or Spring Rolls)"	Recipe:Soak the noodles and mushroom strips separately in cold water for 20 minutes, then drain and drip dry in a colander. Cut the noodles into 1½-inch-long pieces, then combine with all of the filling ingredients in a large bowl and mix well.
Name:"Pan Fried Pork and Shrimp Potstickers Recipe"	Recipe:Wash the shrimp and pat very dry. In a food processor, add the shrimp, green onions, bamboo shoots and pulse several times until the shrimp is chopped to about 1/4 inch. In a large bowl, combine the shrimp mixture with ground pork, soy sauce, salt, cornstarch, ginger, rice wine. Mix well.
Name:"Grilled Shrimp Lettuce Cups with Tropical Fruit Salsa"	Recipe:Wash the shrimp and pat very dry. In a food processor, add the shrimp, green onions, bamboo shoots and pulse several times until the shrimp is chopped to about 1/4 inch. In a large bowl, combine the shrimp mixture with ground pork, soy sauce, salt, cornstarch, ginger, rice wine. Mix well.
Name:"Asian Pan Seared Steak Rolls Recipe"	Recipe:Freeze steak for 30 minutes until partially frozen. Slice steak against the grain, on the diagonal, into 8 equally thin pieces. Use a meat mallet to pound each piece of meat to 1/8 inch thick. If using thin sliced sirloin, skip this step.
Name:"Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Cashew Butter Dipping Sauce"	Recipe:In a medium sized bowl, whisk together the fish sauce, lemongrass, pepper and sugar. Add the shrimp and stir to coat. Marinate shrimp for 10 minutes. In meantime, boil a pot of water. Add vermicelli and cook for 4 minutes. Drain immediately, rinse with cold water, and drain again. Try to remove as much water as possible. Set aside.
Name:"Japanese Furikake French Fries Recipe"	Recipe:Follow the directions on the bag of your frozen french fries. Be a good parent and bake ‘em instead of frying. Bake until golden and crispy. While the french fries are still hot, season with salt and furikake seasoning.
Name:"Roasted Garlic Shrimp Recipe"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 400F.Wash and carefully cut through shell to devein the shrimp while leaving the shell on. The easiest way to do this is with sharp, pointy kitchen shears. Just cut through the shell, following the back of shrimp. Devein.Heat a medium frying pan, over medium-high heat with the butter and olive oil. When hot but not smoking, add the shallots, garlic, rosemary, thyme, red pepper and salt. Saute for 1 minute or so, until fragrant.Add wine and bring to simmer. Turn heat off and toss in the shrimp to coat. Immediately spread out the shrimp in single layer on baking sheet. Roast in oven for 6-8 minutes, or until shrimp is cooked through. Timing will depend on the size of shrimp, check after 8 minutes. Toss with chopped parsley. Serve with bread to soak up the juices.
Name:"Fried Green Tomato Salad with Sweet Chili Dressing + Menu For Hope"	Recipe:1. Slice unpeeled tomatoes into 1/2" slices. Season both sides with salt, pepper and chili powder and let sit. In meantime, make salad dressing (recipe below) and prep the following in separate bowls in this order: milk, flour, egg, panko.
Name:"Crispy Tofu with Citrus Soy + Steamy Kitchen on TV"	Recipe:Combine lemon juice, orange juice, soy, mirin, rice wine vinegar and ginger in a small saucepan. Simmer on low for 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and lemon zest. Taste. Sometimes I like to add a little more zing...and add in just a touch more rice wine vinegar, especially if I'm serving it with salad.
Name:"Aged Cheddar &#038; Guinness Fondue"	Recipe:Combine lemon juice, orange juice, soy, mirin, rice wine vinegar and ginger in a small saucepan. Simmer on low for 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and lemon zest. Taste. Sometimes I like to add a little more zing...and add in just a touch more rice wine vinegar, especially if I'm serving it with salad.
Name:"Asian Lettuce Cups Recipe with Ground Turkey &#038; Green Apple"	Recipe:1. To fry the mung bean noodles, heat a wok or small sauce pan (something not too wide at its base. the smaller the base width, the less oil you will need to use) with about 2 inches of cooking oil. While oil is heating to 375F, use your hands to separate the strands of the mung bean noodle into small clumps. When oil hot, fry one batch at a time. It should only take 10 seconds to fry. Remove, drain on paper towels.
Name:"Xiao Long Bao &#8211; Shanghai Steamed Soup Dumplings"	Recipe:In a large stockpot, place all of the ingredients EXCEPT the gelatin/agar agar. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer for 45 minutes, uncovered. Use fine meshed strainer to remove the scum on surface. Taste, and adjust with salt, if needed. The ham is salty, so you might not need additional salt. Measure out 4 cups of the broth (you'll only use 4 cups of broth...reserve any leftover to use in future soups) and pour into a medium saucepan and bring to a almost a boil.Turn heat off and stir in the gelatin or agar agar. Whisk until all powder is dissolved. Pour broth into an 8x8 baking dish (size really doesn't matter. if you have a few plastic containers, use those instead. remember how you used to make jello?) Refrigerate until set, about 3-4 hours. (I stuck mine in the freezer after the first hour because I got impatient...it only took 2 hours for mine to set)When the gelatin is set, use a fork to criss-cross the gelatin to break into very small, 1/4" pieces. Alternatively, you can carefully cut into small cubes. Reserve about 1 1/2 cups of the soup gelatin. Freeze any remainder for future use.<font face="inherit">In a large bowl, combine and mix all of the ingredients, </font>including<font face="inherit"> the 1 1/2 cups of soup gelatin. </font><span style="font-family: inherit">Stir to incorporate gelatin evenly throughout. Refrigerate until ready to use.</span>Put about 90% of the flour in a large bowl. Pour about a third of the hot water in the flour. Use a wooden spoon to stir vigorously. Add more hot water. Stir more. Add the last bit of the water and stir vigorously until the dough begins to form. Add all of the cold water and oil. Keep stirring vigorously. Stop when you can't stir anymore.Dust counter with the remainder 10% of flour. Place dough on floured surface, use your hands to knead the dough for 8 -10 minutes, until it becomes soft, smooth and bounces back slowly when poked with your finger. Cover with plastic wrap and let it sit for 30 minutes.Divide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Take one piece (cover the remaining 3 pieces with plastic wrap) and roll it into a long log, about 1-1/4" diameter. Using pastry scraper or knife, cut dough into 10 pieces. Work one dough ball at a time, keep the remaining covered with plastic wrap.Roll one of the balls between your palms to get a nice, round, smooth ball. Using a rolling pin, roll it out flat to about 3" round. OPTIONAL: Roll dough to slightly larger than 3" round, then use 3" round cookie cutter to create a nice, even circle. No cookie cutter? improvise with empty tin can. Fill with 1 tablespoon of filling, pinch pleat all the way around. Repeat with rest. Make sure that you cover any dough that you aren't currently using and cover the dumplings with a towel to prevent drying.Shave the ginger - Use your sharp paring knife to get a flat surface on one of the long sides. With a vegetable peeler, cut thin strips along the long side of the ginger. Use knife to further cut the strips into super-thin slices. This way, you get the full flavor of ginger in your sauce + the crunch of the little strips of ginger as you eat without tough, fibrous pieces of ginger.Whisk together the ingredients in a bowl with the ginger. Serve with Xiao Long Bao dumplings.Separate the leaves of Napa cabbage. Cut away and discard the tough, thick stem that curves up.  Fill steamer with 1 layer of Napa cabbage leaves. Steam over medium heat for 2 minutes to warm up the steamer and to soften cabbage. Place dumplings on the cabbage leaves, leaving 1 1/2" space between each dumpling. Steam for 12 minutes. Serve in bamboo steamer.
Name:"Peking Chicken with Steamed Buns"	Recipe:1. Using the tines of the fork, prick holes through the skin and meat of the chicken. This allows for the marinade to seep through. Combine all the rest of the ingredients and marinate the chicken breasts for up to 4 hours.
Name:"How to cook rice in the microwave, perfect every time"	Recipe:Scoop the rice into the microwave-safe container or pot. Fill the pot with water and swish the water and rice with your hands. Pour out the water, keeping the rice in the pot (just cup your hands around the rice to prevent it from pouring out). Repeat for 2-3 more times until the water is just barely cloudy.Add enough water to cover the rice by about 1" - or place your finger straight down touching the top of the rice. The water should meet your first knuckle (ladies or men with small hands) and just under the first knuckle (men or ladies with big hands). For 1 1/2 cups of rice, this is approximately 2 1/4 cups of water. Cover with lid. Microwave on high for 9 minutes. Let rest covered (no peeking!) for 3 minutes before fluffing.
Name:"Scallops with Apricot Sauce"	Recipe:Cook the rice according to package instructions then toss with cilantro, lime zest and lime juice.2.Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Season both sides of each scallop with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the pan then add scallops and cook 1-2 minutes on both sides, until a golden brown crust forms and the centers are slightly translucent.Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to a medium skillet. Add ginger and cook about 30 seconds until it begins to brown. Add jam and soy sauce, stir until combined and heated through. If the sauce is too thick, stir in 1-2 tablespoons of water to thin the sauce.Serve scallops over rice with a drizzle of apricot sauce and a spritz of fresh lime juice.
Name:"Bok Choy Recipe"	Recipe:Start by trimming the stem off - don't trim too much - just the end. Cutting the thick stem off will ensure that the bok choy cooks evenly. Separate out the leaves, keep the tender center intact. Wash and clean bok choy.  Finely mince garlic. Grate fresh ginger with a microplane grater. Grating the ginger helps break up the tough fibers.Place wok or saute pan on your stove and pour in the cooking oil. Add the garlic and ginger. Turn the heat to medium-high. Let the ginger and garlic gently sizzle in the oil. When the aromatics become fragrant and light golden brown, add the bok choy leaves. Toss very well to coat each leaf with the garlicky, gingery oil for 15 seconds. Pour in broth, water or wine. Immediately cover and let cook for 1 minute. Season with soy sauce and drizzle a bit of sesame oil on top.
Name:"Shrimp Pad Thai Salad"	Recipe:Make the dressing: In a blender, combine the vinegar, lime juice, nut butter, chile sauce, oil, and water, season with salt and pepper, and blend until smooth.Cook the shrimp: Toss the shrimp with the 1 tablespoon of cooking oil. Heat a grill pan over high heat. When hot, add the shrimp. Cook 2 minutes, then flip shrimp and cook an additional 1 minute, or until cooked through. Toss the salad: In a large bowl, mix together the greens, carrot, cabbage, cucumber, bean sprouts, and basil, add some of the dressing, and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.Transfer to a platter and top with the shrimp, additional dressing and the chopped nuts.<br/>
Name:"Chinese Broccoli with Garlicky Ginger Miso"	Recipe:Trim ends of the Chinese broccoli. Line up the Chinese broccoli with the stems facing same direction. Cut the stalks in half to separate the thick stems from the leaves.Add one inch of water to a wok, pot or large saute pan and bring to a simmer on medium heat. Layer in the broccoli stems at the bottom of the pan and layer the leaves on top of the stems. You want the thick stems closer to the bottom of the pan so that they will cook faster. Steam for 3 minutes. Use tongs to lift the leaves to a plate. Check the stems to make sure they are cooked - they should be easily pierced with a knife. Thicker stems might need an additional minute.  Discard the remaining water in the pan and wipe dry with a towel. Return pan to the stove and add in the cooking oil and ginger, garlic and chile pepper. Turn the heat to medium-low. Once the oil in the wok begins shimmering, cook for another 15 seconds (take care not to burn the aromatics). Stir in the miso paste, water, soy sauce and sesame oil and cook another 15 seconds. Add the Chinese broccoli back into the pan, give everything a quick stir, then plate for serving.
Name:"Shrimp Teriyaki Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:Pat the shrimp very dry. In a bowl, toss the shrimp with cornstarch to coat.Heat a wok or large saute pan over high heat. When hot, swirl in just 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil. Add the shrimp to the pan, trying not to overlap. Let cook for 30 seconds. Flip, and cook an 30 seconds. Remove the shrimp to a clean bowl. The shrimp will be half-cooked, we will finish cooking in a later step.Turn the heat to medium-high. To the same pan, swirl in the remaining cooking oil. When hot, add in the onion and bell pepper. Stir fry for 1 minute. Add in the sugar snap peas and continue to stir fry for an additional minute.Add in the half-cooked shrimp and pour in the Ginger Teriyaki Sauce. Cook until the sauce comes to a simmer, thickens, and is glossy. Garnish with green onions.
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Cranberry Pistachio Pesto"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375F degrees.Cut off the knobby end of the brussels sprouts and pull off any loose outer leaves. Cut the brussels sprouts in half, lengthwise. Toss with olive oil.On a baking sheet, spread the brussels sprouts evenly and roast for 20-25 minutes, until you begin to see a bit of browning on the brussels sprouts. The interior should be fork tender.Place the pistachios, cranberries, garlic and parsley into a food processor and process until very finely chopped. While the food processor is running, slowly drizzle in only 2 TABLESPOONS of the olive oil. Spoon out the pesto into a bowl and stir in remaining olive oil. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. The pesto should be slightly sweet and salty. If the pesto is too thick, you can stir in more olive oil. Lightly season the brussels sprouts with salt and pepper. Toss with just 1/4 cup of the Cranberry Pistachio Pesto on top. Reserve remaining pesto for other uses.
Name:"Miso Soup Recipe: 1 minute, 3 minute, 4 minute and 20 minute versions"	Recipe:Wipe the kombu clean with a paper towel. Add the kombu and water to a sauce pan. Bring to a boil over medium-low heat. When water just begins to boil, remove the kombu.Bring the kombu water to full boil. Add the katsuobushi all at once. Boil for 60 seconds. Turn heat off and let sit, undisturbed for 10 minutes. in the meantime, dice the tofu. Soak dried wakame in water until expanded. drain and discard water.After steeping katsuobushi, the flakes will sink to bottom of pot. Strain the katsuobushi through cheesecloth. Return dashi to a simmer and immediately turn off heat. Whisk in miso paste. When miso has fully dissolved, add tofu and wakame. 
Name:"Roasted Pumpkin Recipe"	Recipe:Heat oven to 400F. Using a large metal spoon, scoop out the seeds and insides of the pumpkin. Save the seeds for roasting. Use a sharp chef's knife to cut slices of pumpkin, 1-inch thick.Place pumpkin slices on baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and rub on both sides of pumpkin. Season with salt, spices and brown sugar. Roast for 18-20 minutes, depending on thickness of pumpkin slices (check at 15 minute mark).
Name:"Korean Zucchini Noodles Recipe"	Recipe:In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, honey and sesame oil. In a large bowl, combine the beef and the onions. Pour in just 1/3 of the soy/honey/sesame oil mixture (and reserve the rest of the sauce for later). Set beef/onions aside to marinate on the counter while you prepare the rest of recipe.Using a spiralizer on "spaghetti" setting (about 1/8-inch), spiralize the zucchini. Cut the zucchini noodle strands into easy-to-eat lengths, then set zucchini aside. Spiralize the carrots using the same setting. Cut carrot strands into 2" lengths to make it easier to stir fry. Gather all the remaining ingredients and have them nearby the stove for easy access. The rest of this recipe only takes 10 minutes!Heat a wok or large saute pan over medium-high heat. When hot, swirl in a little cooking oil. Pour in the beaten egg and tilt the pan so that the egg cooks in a thin, even layer. Cook until set on the edges and bottom, flip the egg and cook until firm. Remove egg to cutting board and julienne into thin strips. Place egg strips into a large serving bowl or platter.Give the pan a good wipe if needed, return to medium-high heat. When hot, swirl in some cooking oil. Add in the green onions, garlic, mushrooms, spiralized carrots. Stir fry for 30 seconds until the green onions are bright green and the carrots have softened slightly. Add in the spinach/kale and stir fry for 30 seconds until the leaves have softened. Remember the reserved soy/honey/sesame oil sauce we set aside? Pour in just half of that sauce and toss well. Remove the vegetables to the large serving bowl with the egg.Give the pan a good wipe if needed, return to medium-high heat. When hot, swirl in cooking oil. Add in the zucchini noodles and stir fry until the skin of zucchini is vivid green, and the zucchini begins to turn transluscent. The zucchini should still hold some of its curly shape. Take care not to overcook the zucchini. Pour in the last of the soy/honey/sesame oil sauce. Toss very well and let the zucchini absorb some of the sauce. Remove the zucchini noodles to a large bowl.Give the pan a good wipe, return to HIGH heat. When hot, swirl in cooking oil. Add in the beef and onion to the pan, use your spatula to spread out the ingredients all over the pan. Let cook, undisturbed for 15-30 seconds, until the edges of the beef turn brown, but is still red in the middle. Toss and flip the beef and onions, stir fry until cooked to your liking.Now lets add everything back into the pan. Add in the egg, vegetables, zucchini noodles. Toss well and give it a taste. Season with additional soy sauce, if needed. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve.
Name:"Slow Cooker Vietnamese Chicken Pho Recipe (Pho Ga)"	Recipe:To the slow cooker, add the chicken, onion, ginger, coriander seeds, cloves, star anise, sugar, fish sauce, and cilantro stems. Fill with water to the max level of your slow cooker. Turn slow cooker to high for 4-6 hours or low for 8-10 hours. Remove all chicken and cilantro stems, strain broth through cheesecloth. Taste and adjust with additional fish sauce and sugar if needed.<br/>If using yellow onions, soak the onion slices in ice cold water for 10 minutes. I find that red onions are milder and do not need soaking. Prepare the rest of the ingredient for the table, including bean sprouts, sliced jalapeño and sauces. Chicken Pho is best when the broth is boiling hot, and the noodles are freshly cooked. When you're ready to cook the chicken meat and noodles, go ahead and put the Chicken Pho broth back on the stovetop and turn the heat to low, so that it's ready. Alternatively, you can return the broth to the slow cooker and turn onto "simmer" if you have that function.Soak rice noodles in cool water for 10 minutes. Drain. In the meantime, bring a big pot of water to a boil and then turn to low. Add the chicken meat and let cook for 1-3 minutes or until cooked through--timing depends on how thin slices are. Remove the chicken slices, and set aside. Next, add the rice noodles to the water and cook for 1 minute. Remove noodles and divide amongst 6 serving bowls. Also, add to the bowls, the chicken meat, green onion and cilantro leaves. Ladle hot Chicken Pho broth into each bowl and serve immediately.
Name:"Vietnamese Pho Recipe: Beef Noodle Soup"	Recipe:Set baking rack 8 inches below heating element. Turn oven to low broil. Place the onion and ginger halves, cut side up, on a baking sheet. Brush the halves with a little bit of oil. Broil until the onion and ginger slightly charred, about 10 minutes, turning half-way. Remove from heat and cool.Parboil the beef bones: Fill a large stockpot (about 12 quart capacity) with water and bring to rapid boil. Carefully lower in the bones. Boil vigorously for 3 minutes to release the impurities. Dump bones and water into a clean sink, and rinse the bones with water to wash off any clinging residue. Quickly scrub pot clean and fill with about 6 quarts of clean water. Return bones to pot. Add the charred onion, ginger, spices, beef, fish sauce, and sugar to pot.Bring water to boil over high heat, and lower heat to gentle simmer. Simmer, uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours.While simmering, use a ladle or fine-mesh strainer to spoon off any scum that rises on top.At this point, the boneless meat should be slightly chewy, but not tough. Use tongs to transfer the meat to a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Meanwhile, maintain the broth at a steady simmer for 1 1/2 hours longer.Strain the broth through a fine-mesh sieve (or a coarse-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth) positioned over a pot. Discard the remaining solids. Use ladle or fine meshed skimmer to skim as much fat as possible from the top of the broth. Taste and adjust the flavor with salt, fish sauce and sugar. There should be about 4 quarts (16 cups) of broth.If using dried rice noodles, cover them with hot tap water and let them soak for 15 minutes, or until they are pliable and opaque. Drain in a colander. If using fresh rice noodles, untangle them, place in a colander, and rinse briefly under cold running water.Cut the cooked beef across the grain into thin slices. Freeze the raw beef for 15 minutes, then slice it across the grain into very thin slices. Set all beef aside. Ready the raw onion, scallions, cilantro leaves for adding to the bowls. Arrange the garnishes on a plate and put on the table.To ensure good timing, bring the broth to a simmer over medium heat as you are assembling the bowls.At the same time, fill a separate large pot with water and boil. For each bowl, place a portion of the noodles on a strainer (or mesh sieve) and dunk the noodles in the boiling water for 10 seconds. Immediately pull the strainer from the water, letting the water drain back into the pot. Empty the noodles into a bowl.Top each bowl of noodles with cooked and raw beef, arranging the slices flat. Add a bit of raw onion, scallions, cilantro leaves to each bowl.The pho broth needs to be boiling hot, to cook the raw beef slices. Raise the heat of the broth to a boil. Do a final taste and make any last minute adjustments with fish sauce and sugar. Ladle about 2 cups of broth into each bowl. Serve immediately with plate of garnishes.
Name:"How to Cook Brown Rice in the Microwave"	Recipe:Wash rice, rinse, drain. Add rice and water to very large microwave safe bowl. Microwave uncovered at 100% power for 10 minutes. Reduce power to 50%, cover the bowl, and microwave another 20 minutes. Fluff with fork and serve.
Name:"Chinese Eggplant Recipe with Spicy Garlic Sauce"	Recipe:In a wok or saucepan over high heat, add 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil and swirl to coat wok. When wok is hot, add eggplant in a single layer. Cook 2 minutes and flip over each piece so they cook evenly. Cook another 2-3 minutes, flipping occasionally.The egg plant should have changed in color, the skin wrinkled and the flesh soft.Push eggplant aside in wok and add 1 tablespoon cooking oil. Add garlic, red chile peppers, ginger and green onion. Stir these aromatics until they become fragrant. Combine aromatics with eggplant and stir fry for one minute. Add soy sauce, black vinegar and sugar and stir to combine all. Serve immediately.
Name:"Hainanese Chicken Rice Recipe"	Recipe:To clean the chicken, with a small handful of kosher salt, rub the chicken all over, getting rid of any loose skin and dirt. Rinse chicken well, inside and outside. Season generously with salt inside and outside. Stuff the chicken with the ginger slices and the green onion. Place the chicken in a large stockpot and fill with cold water to cover by 1 inch. Bring the pot to a boil over high heat, then immediately turn the heat to low to keep a simmer. Cook for about 30 minutes more (less if you're using a smaller chicken). Check for doneness by sticking a chopstick into the flesh under the leg and see if the juices run clear or insert a thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh not touching bone. It should read 160F. The chicken will continue to cook to 165F during rest. When the chicken is cooked through, turn off the heat and remove the pot from the burner. Immediately lift and transfer the chicken into a bath of ice water to cool and discard the ginger and green onion. Don't forget to reserve the poaching broth for your rice, your sauce, and the accompanying soup. The quick cooling will stop the cooking process, keeping the meat soft and tender, and giving the skin a lovely firm texture. After cooling, pat the chicken dry with paper towels and rub the sesame oil all over the chicken. This will help prevent the chicken from drying out.Place rice into a large bowl, and fill with water. Use your hands to swish the water around, cleaning the rice. Tilt bowl to discard water, keeping the rice in the bowl Repeat 3 more times, until water is less cloudy. Fill bowl again, with fresh water. Let rice soak for 10 minutes. In a wok or pot, heat 2 tablespoons of cooking oil over medium-high heat. When hot, add the ginger and the garlic and fry until your kitchen smells like heaven. Be careful not to burn the garlic and ginger! Add in your drained rice and stir to coat, cook for an additional minute. Add the sesame oil, mix well.Add 2 cups of your reserved poaching broth, add salt and bring to a boil. Immediately turn the heat down to low, cover the pot and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit (with lid still on) for 5-10 minutes more.While your rice is cooking, remove the chicken from the ice bath and rub the outside of the chicken with the sesame oil. Carve the chicken for serving.To make the chili sauce: Blend your chili sauce ingredients in a blender until smooth and bright red.To make the ginger garlic sauce: In a small saucepan, heat the cooking oil until very hot, when you start seeing wisps of smoke. Turn off heat. Immediately add garlic and ginger and let it sizzle for a few seconds. Once it settles, stir in salt and vinegar.You should have six or seven cups of the reserved poaching broth left over to serve as soup. Just before serving, heat up the soup, taste and season with salt as necessary.
Name:"How to Cook Spaghetti Squash in Microwave"	Recipe:Using a sharp paring knife, carefully pierce (I really mean stab) the spaghetti squash in a few places (about 6 slashes is good). Place squash on plate. Microwave on high for 10-15 minutes, turning/rotating the squash halfway during cooking.  Carefully (the squash will be steaming hot!), use a chef's knife to cut the squash in half, lengthwise. The squash should be soft and easy to cut. Remove and discard the seeds. Use two forks to scrape apart the strands of the squash. For this recipe, we'll only use half of the spaghetti squash, about 4 cups.Heat a large saute pan over medium heat with the olive oil. Add in the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add in the tomatoes and basil and cook for another minute. Turn heat to medium-high and add in the spaghetti squash and toss. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle in the balsamic vinegar. Taste the squash - adjust seasoning. If the squash still needs a bit more time to cook through, cover and cook for 2 minutes. If the squash texture is perfect, toss in the grated cheese and serve immediately.
Name:"Grapefruit, Avocado &#038; Baby Arugula Salad"	Recipe:1. Section the grapefruit without the membrane, saving the juice in a small bowl. From the leftover membrane, squeeze and reserve as much juice as possible. Set aside the grapefruit sections.
Name:"15 Minute Udon Noodle Soup with Miso"	Recipe:Cook the udon noodles according to the package directions, drain and set aside.In the meantime, in a medium pot, bring the stock to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and add the carrots and cook until the carrots are crisp-tender, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and snow peas and cook until slightly tender but still bright green, about 1 minute. In a medium bowl, add the miso paste. A<span style="font-family: inherit">dd a ladleful of hot broth. Whisk until the miso is completely dissolved, then pour the entire miso mixture into the pot with the soup. Do not boil the soup with the miso, as the miso will become gritty. Stir in the noodles and the green onions.</span>
Name:"Oven Roasted Grapes on the Vine Recipe"	Recipe:Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350F. Put the grape bunches in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast them for 45 minutes to 1 hour 15 minutes, until the skins are blistered and the grapes look like they are one-third of the way to becoming raisins. The time varies depending on the size and variety of grapes you use. If you're roasting more than one variety of grapes, keep them separated on the baking sheet so you can remove each variety as it's done. remove the grapes from the oven and carefully take the grapes from the baking sheet and lay them out on a pretty cutting board or platter. Serve on their own, with fresh ricotta, with honey, or with a selection of other cheeses as well.
Name:"Citrus Salad with Crispy Quinoa"	Recipe:1. To make crispy quinoa: Position a rack in the top third of the oven and preheat the broiler to high. Spread the cooked quinoa onto the rimmed baking sheet. Roast the quinoa for 5 minutes, stir quinoa and rotate baking sheet. Roast another 3 minutes, but check occasionally. The quinoa should be darkened, crispy but not burnt. Let cool a bit before tossing in the salad.
Name:"How to Make Crispy Quinoa Without Oil"	Recipe:1. Rinse, drain quinoa (if buying from bulk bin). Add quinoa and water to small pot. Bring to boil, cover with lid. Cook for 15 minutes. Immediately uncover and spread out on baking sheet. Let cool completely.
Name:"Thai Chicken Burgers with Quick Pickled Carrots"	Recipe:1. To prepare the carrots: In a medium-size bowl, whisk together all the ingredients, except the carrots, until the sugar and salt dissolve. Add the carrots, mixing to coat well, and allow to sit for at least 20 minutes or as long as overnight. Drain the liquid before serving.
Name:"Chinese Daikon Soup Recipe"	Recipe:Par boil the pork as shown in photos, then rinse well to clean. In a large pot, add in the pork, daikon and scallops (if using), fill with 8-10 cups of water (depending on capacity of pot.)
Name:"Miso Salmon Recipe"	Recipe:1. In a small bowl, whisk together the miso, sake and mirin. On a plate, spread the miso mixture on all sides of the salmon. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 2 hours.
Name:"Vietnamese BBQ Tacos"	Recipe:1. To make the marinade, whisk together the fish sauce and the next 7 ingredients in a bowl. Place steaks in gallon-sized zip-top bag, pour in the marinade. Squeeze out the air, massage bag a bit to distribute the marinade. Refrigerate for up to overnight.
Name:"Kale Sprouts with Roasted Garlic and Parmesan"	Recipe:Preheat the oven to 400F. Trim the kale sprouts and cut the sprouts in half, lengthwise. The larger sprouts may need to be cut into thirds or quarters, so that they cook evenly. Place the kale sprouts and the garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle and toss with olive oil. Roast for 12 minutes, give everything a good toss in the baking sheet and return to oven to roast for another 10-12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, toss with grated parmesan cheese.
Name:"Thai Steak Salad Recipe"	Recipe:1. Heat a large grill pan over medium-high heat. Coat pan with cooking spray. Season steak evenly with salt and pepper on both sides. Add steak to pan, cook 4 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness. Remove steak from pan; let stand 5 minutes. Cut steak diagonally across grain into thin slices.
Name:"Sushi Rice Bowl Recipe"	Recipe:Cook the rice: Put the rice into a medium saucepan. Run cold water into the saucepan, and with your hand, swish the rice around. Drain water into the sink. Repeat 3 more times, until water is more clear. Fill saucepan with 2 1/4 cups of water. Cover with lid. Cook rice over medium heat for 10 minutes. Lower heat to low and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Remove from heat, do not open lid. Let rice sit for 5 minutes or more.
Name:"Korean Bibimbap Recipe &#8211; Paleo and Low-Carb"	Recipe:1. Spiralize the cucumber, medium thickness, then set aside in refrigerator to keep cold. Spiralize the daikon radish, thin thickness (blade d). Place the spiralized daikon in a food processor and pulse until resembles size of rice grains. You should have approximately 3 cups of daikon rice.
Name:"Chinese Stir Fried Pea Shoots"	Recipe:1. In a wok or large saute pan, add in the garlic. Pour in about 1 1/2 tablespoons of the cooking oil. Turn heat to medium-low and let the garlic heat up slowly, infusing its flavor and fragrance into the cooking oil. Take care not to let the garlic burn - control the heat so that the oil is slightly shimmering and aromatic.
Name:"Sous Vide Miso Salmon Recipe"	Recipe:1. In a bowl, whisk together the miso, sake and mirin until smooth paste forms. Spread mixture over each salmon fillet. Add the salmon to a gallon freezer bag, insert the pieces of butter. Set sous vide to 104F/40C. Once at temperature, cook for 30 minutes.
Name:"Pad Thai Zoodles Recipe"	Recipe:1. Pat the tofu very dry with paper towels. Toss just 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil with the tofu. Heat a wok over high heat. When hot, carefully slide the tofu (be careful of any splatters). Brown all sides of tofu, about 1-2 minutes each side. Remove tofu to plate and set aside.
Name:"Asian Rice Noodle Salad with Steak Recipe"	Recipe:1. To a resealable bag, add most of the minced garlic (reserve the rest for the dressing), grated ginger, just 1 tablespoon soy sauce (reserve rest for dressing), sesame oil and brown sugar. Mix well. Add in the steak, remove as much air as possible and seal. Marinate for up to overnight.
Name:"Mom&#8217;s Chinese Chicken Soup"	Recipe:1. To a resealable bag, add most of the minced garlic (reserve the rest for the dressing), grated ginger, just 1 tablespoon soy sauce (reserve rest for dressing), sesame oil and brown sugar. Mix well. Add in the steak, remove as much air as possible and seal. Marinate for up to overnight.
Name:"Easy Pad Thai Recipe &#8211; Cheater Version!"	Recipe:1. In a large bowl, fully submerge the dry rice noodles in hot tap water (not boiling, just hot to touch). Let them soak for 8-10 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Name:"Chinese Salted Kumquat Recipe"	Recipe:STEP 1: In a mason jar, add alternating layers of kumquat and salt until the jar is completely filled and the kumquats are somewhat smushed tightly inside. Cover and refrigerate indefinitely, but at least for 2 weeks.
Name:"Healthy General Tso&#8217;s Chicken"	Recipe:1. In a bowl, make the General Tso sauce: Whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar, honey, garlic chili sauce, chicken broth, just 1 teaspoon of the cornstarch. Set aside.
Name:"Review: Trader Joe&#8217;s Quick Cooking Brown Rice"	Recipe:Add ingredients to a microwave safe bowl with a microwave safe cover. Microwave on high for 10-12 minutes or until rice has absorbed most of the water. Allow to rest for 3-5 minutes. Fluff with a fork a serve.
Name:"No Cook, 3-Ingredient Miso Almond Sauce"	Recipe:In a large bowl, whisk together the miso paste and almond butter until very smooth. If it helps, add in a tablespoon of the apple juice. Once the miso and almond butter are combined, whisk in the remaining apple juice.
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts and Grapes"	Recipe:Heat the oven to 400F. On a baking sheet, toss the brussels sprouts and grapes in just 2 tablespoons of the olive oil to coat evenly. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes, tossing them halfway so they cook evenly. Pierce a brussels sprout to make sure they are cooked through. Remove baking sheet from oven.
Name:"Satay Noodles and Greens"	Recipe:Soak the dry rice noodles in warm water for 5-8 minutes. In a bowl, whisk together the hot water, peanut butter, dark soy sauce, honey, five-spice powder, salt and set aside. We'll be only using the white part of the leek (compost or use the green part to make broth). Wash the leek very well, separating the layers a bit to rinse out any dirt. Very thinly slice the leek.
Name:"Kale Salad with Mushroom Omelet"	Recipe:3. While eggs are cooking, place the kale in a large bowl. Sprinkle with salt. Using massaging motion, rub the kale leaves together to break up and soften the kale.
Name:"Thai Fish Soup"	Recipe:In a wok or soup pot over medium high heat, add cooking oil and swirl to coat. When hot, add in the garlic, ginger, red onion, chili pepper, lemongrass, kaffir and gently cook for about 2 minutes to release the aromas and flavors.
Name:"Salmon Teriyaki Recipe"	Recipe:For the Pineapple Teriyaki Sauce: In a blender, add just 1 cup of the pineapple, ginger, garlic, soy sauce, brown sugar, sesame oil and puree until smooth.
Name:"Indian Spiced Black Bean &#038; Tofu Burgers"	Recipe:Roughly chop the onion and bell pepper (it makes it easier for the food processor). In a food processor, add the first 6 ingredients. Pulse until the mixture becomes finely minced.
Name:"Thai Hot and Sour Chicken Soup"	Recipe:In a pot, add the chicken stock, ginger, kaffir lime, lemongrass and chile slices. Bring to a simmer, cover, and then turn the heat to low. Let simmer for 10 minutes. Strain out and discard the spent herbs. (You can taste the soup at this point, if you would like it more spicy, keep the chile pepper slices in the stock and discard just before serving.)
Name:"Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Chili Sauce"	Recipe:Heat the oven to 400F. On a baking sheet, toss the brussels sprouts in cooking oil to coat evenly. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes, tossing them halfway so they cook evenly. Remove brussels sprouts from the oven and turn on oven broiler to high, with the oven rack positioned in the top third of the oven.
Name:"Tofu Prosciutto Panini"	Recipe:Heat panini press to medium-high heat. Brush one side of the bread with olive oil. For each sandwich, layer on the prosciutto, tofu, tomatoes, fresh buffalo mozzarella and basil. Generously season each sandwich with salt and pepper. Drizzle 1 teaspoon of balsamic vinegar on each sandwich. Close the sandwich, and brush the outside of both bread slices with olive oil. Place sandwich in panini press. Cook for 4 minutes or until the panini is browned.
Name:"Wasabi Shrimp with Avocado on Rice Cracker"	Recipe:In a bowl, add a handful of ice cubes and cold water to cover. With a small or medium sharp knife, cut green onion stalks into 3" lengths. Slice the green onion lengthwise into long thin strips, as thin as possible (see video). Place green onion slivers into ice water. Set aside while you continue with rest of recipe.
Name:"Baby Bok Choy with Ground Chicken Stir Fry"	Recipe:In a wok or large saute pan over high heat, add the cooking oil. When hot, add ground chicken and saute until browned (but not fully cooked through). Lower heat to medium-high and add green onion, ginger and garlic and stir for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Add bok choy to wok with the water, toss well to coat with the oil, aromatics and chicken. Cover the wok. Allow to cook for 2 minutes or until the bok choy is crisp-tender. Add soy sauce, sesame oil and toss well for 30 seconds. The baby bok choy should be just-tender in the stem, but not too soft. Serve immediately.
Name:"Chinese Daikon and Carrot Soup"	Recipe:Bring a large soup pot filled with water to a rolling boil. Add pork and bones and let boil rapidly for 10 minutes. Remove pork and set aside. Drain and discard the water, clean the pot if needed. Fill the pot with new water to make the broth (approximately 4 quarts) and add in the pork, bones, shrimp, scallops, ginger, garlic. Bring to a simmer and then turn the heat to medium-low, or hot enough to just produce a gentle simmer for 30-40 minutes.
Name:"Grilled Chicken with Blackberry Sweet and Sour Sauce"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. Brush each side of chicken breasts with the cooking oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill 3 minutes on each side, then turn the heat to medium-low and cover to cook for an additional 5 minutes or until cooked through.
Name:"Chinese Grilled Shrimp"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. In a large bowl, add all ingredients and mix thoroughly to coat the shrimp. At this point, you can refrigerate for up to overnight or just proceed to next step.
Name:"Green Beans with Chinese Preserved Radish Stir Fry"	Recipe:In a large wok or pan with a lid, add one inch of water and bring to a boil (steaming rack optional). Add the green beans and cover. Steam until green beans have turned bright green and are crunchy-tender, about 5 minutes. Remove and drain the green beans and set aside. Discard the remaining water in the wok and dry the wok thoroughly.
Name:"Healthy Hummus Recipe"	Recipe:In a food processor, combine the chickpeas, lemon juice, salt, garlic and yogurt. Process for 1 minute, then open the food processer and scrape the sides. Process for another minute. While the processor is running, pour in the olive oil. Taste and check for smooth consistency. If the hummus is too thick, add 1 tablespoon of water. Just before serving, sprinkle with smoked paprika, fresh parsley and drizzle with additional olive oil.
Name:"Chinese Egg Drop Soup"	Recipe:In a medium saucepan over high heat, add the mushrooms, chicken stock, rice wine and ginger and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and stir in the salt and pepper.
Name:"Pressure Cooker White Bean Chili Frito Pie"	Recipe:Sort beans by removing and discarding any foreign material or shriveled/discolored beans. Rinse beans with cold water. Add the sorted and rinsed beans to the inner cooking pot of the pressure cooker. Add the water and additional ingredients.
Name:"Cod in Garlic-Ginger Broth"	Recipe:Heat a wok or large saute pan over medium-low heat. Immediately add in the onion, ginger and garlic. Stir constantly and cook slowly for 3 minutes, until the onion is softened and all the aromatics are fragrant. Take care not to burn them!
Name:"Kale Salad with Cherries and Pecans"	Recipe:Optional step: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and spread the pecans on a tray. Toast them for 5 to 10 minutes, tossing them once or twice to make sure they toast evenly. Remove them from the oven and set them aside to cool.
Name:"Pineapple Chicken Teriyaki"	Recipe:1. To make the teriyaki sauce, place the crushed pineapple, soy sauce, honey, ginger and garlic a bowl, whisk to combine. Pour half of the teriyaki sauce in a resealable plastic bag and reserve the other half. Place the chicken breasts in the resealable bag, close and give it a good massage to coat with the marinade. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or up to overnight.
Name:"Chicken Salad with Sesame-Miso Dressing"	Recipe:Turn oven to broil (high) and place rack 8" below heating element. Slice the chicken breast into thick strips. Combine the sake, ginger, miso and salt. Toss the chicken strips into the mixture. Place chicken on a baking pan. Broil for 8 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
Name:"Thai Seafood Curry Recipe"	Recipe:1. Cook the rice according to package instructions. Here are my instructions for <a data-wpel-link="internal" href="https://steamykitchen.com/22048-how-to-microwave-rice-recipe.html">how to cook rice in the microwave.</a>
Name:"Vietnamese Spring Rolls with Slow Cooker Pork"	Recipe:1. Cook the rice according to package instructions. Here are my instructions for <a data-wpel-link="internal" href="https://steamykitchen.com/22048-how-to-microwave-rice-recipe.html">how to cook rice in the microwave.</a>
Name:"Whiskey Miso Pork Chops"	Recipe:1. In a sealable bag, combine the whiskey, apple cider, miso, brown sugar and mustard. Add the pork chops, seal the bag and squeeze out as much air as possible. Refrigerate for 15 minutes or up to overnight.
Name:"Grilled Asian Flank Steak"	Recipe:1. Score the flank steak on one side in a criss-cross pattern, about 1" apart and 1/8" deep. Rub the steak on both sides with the cooking oil and season both sides with salt and pepper.
Name:"Warm Asian Potato Salad with Sesame &#038; Fresh Chile Dressing"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 400F. Cut each potato in 8 wedges (if using red potatoes, you can either quarter or halve). Place on baking sheet and toss with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 minutes, then shake pan to move the potatoes around a bit. Roast an additional 15-20 minutes until done.
Name:"Stuffed Miso Eggplant"	Recipe:1. Preheat the oven to 375F. Slice each eggplant in half, lengthwise. Use a teaspoon to scoop out the insides of the eggplant. Set aside the eggplant "boats" and put the insides of the eggplant into a large bowl.
Name:"Zucchini Frittata Recipe"	Recipe:1. Heat a nonstick pan over medium heat and add the butter. When the butter starts bubbling, add the onion. Sprinkle in the sugar. Saute the onion until carmalized, about 8-10 minutes. Take care not to burn the onions.
Name:"Miso Salmon with Orange and Fennel Recipe"	Recipe:1. Marinate the salmon with the salt, pepper, Miso &amp; Easy, honey, sake and ginger at least 1 hour or overnight in the refrigerator. It is easiest do this in a resealable bag.
Name:"Cauliflower Mashed &#8220;Potatoes&#8221; Recipe"	Recipe:Separate the cauliflower into florets and discard the core.Bring about 2 cups of water to a simmer in a pot, then add the cauliflower. Cover and turn the heat to medium. Cook the cauliflower for 12-15 minutes or until very tender.Drain and discard all of the water (the drier the cauliflower is, the better) and add the milk, butter, sour cream, salt and pepper and mash with a masher until it looks like "mashed potatoes." Top with chives.
Name:"French Carrot Fennel Salad"	Recipe:1. Pick a few fennel fronds to make 1 tablespoon. In a bowl, whisk together the fennel fronds, parsley, salt, pepper, lemon juice, garlic and olive oil. Set aside.
Name:"Green Bean and Shiitake Mushroom Stir Fry"	Recipe:1. Fill the wok or saute pan with about 1 cup of water. Bring to a boil and then add the green beans. Cover and let steam for 4-5 minutes or until crisp-tender. Drain the beans, wipe the wok dry and return wok to the stove.
Name:"Tofu and Mushroom Miso Soup"	Recipe:1. In a sauce pot, bring the broth to a boil. Add in the tofu, mushrooms and the vegetables. While stirring the broth, slowly pour in the whisked egg. Cook for 2 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat.
Name:"Miso Ginger Asparagus"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 375F. Place asparagus on baking sheet and drizzle with cooking oil. Toss to coat. Roast asparagus for 8-10 minutes or until pierces easily with fork. Timing depends on how thick the asparagus spears are.
Name:"Simple Grilled Calamari"	Recipe:1. Preheat grill. Wash squid, pat dry with paper towel. Cut squid into 2-inch tubes and thread onto bamboo skewer. Season both sides with salt and pepper.
Name:"Leftover Turkey Recipe: Halal Cart Style Turkey and Rice with White Sauce"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Leftover Turkey Recipe: Turkey Gumbo"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Chili and Basil Scallops"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Kimchi Omelet"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Grilled Steak and Tomato Salad with Rum Vinaigrette"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Zucchini with Lentils and Roasted Garlic"	Recipe:Heat a large stockpot with the butter over medium heat. When the butter begins to bubble a bit, use a whisk or wooden spoon to add in the flour, a little at a time. Continue stirring for a 2 minutes, until the flour is fully incorporated into the butter. Turn the heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds or so, until the roux has turned into the color of peanut butter. Make sure that the roux does not burn - stay close by!
Name:"Roasted Carrots with Sesame Ponzu Vinaigrette"	Recipe:Roast the carrots until just tender but slightly crunchy at 375F for 15-18 minutes. In a small bowl, whisk together the remaining ingredients. Toss with the cooked carrots.
Name:"Flank Steak with Bloody Mary Tomato Salad Recipe"	Recipe:1. Prepare the quick onion pickle first. In a small bowl, combine the red onion with the olive brine (or juice). Let sit for 10 minutes while you prep the rest of the recipe.
Name:"Heirloom Tomato and Avocado Salad with Crispy Wontons and Spicy Cilantro Vinaigrette"	Recipe:1) Cut the wontons in 1/4” strips. Heat a large frying pan at medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and wonton strips. Toss well, then sauté for 2 to 3 minutes until they become golden-brown, continuing to toss occasionally. Transfer wontons to a paper towel and sprinkle with the salt.
Name:"Crawfish Boil"	Recipe:1) Cut the wontons in 1/4” strips. Heat a large frying pan at medium-high heat. Add the olive oil and wonton strips. Toss well, then sauté for 2 to 3 minutes until they become golden-brown, continuing to toss occasionally. Transfer wontons to a paper towel and sprinkle with the salt.
Name:"Bouillabaisse"	Recipe:1. In a large stockpot, heat the olive oil on medium heat. When hot, add in the leek, onion and garlic. Saute for 5 minutes until softened but not brown.
Name:"Carrot, Pea and Mint Salad Recipe"	Recipe:For this salad you can use a mandoline slicer or a grater (manual or food processor). Slice carrots lengthwise using a mandoline slicer or grate them. Keep sliced carrots in a bowl of ice water and drain them before assembling salad. Blanch fresh peas in boiling water for 2 minutes. Drain and immediately immerse peas in ice water for two minutes to stop the cooking process, then drain. If using frozen peas, you can just defrost them. Arrange carrots on individual salad plates. Top with peas. Right before serving, sprinkle with chopped mint.
Name:"Carrot and Zucchini Linguini Salad"	Recipe:1. With a vegetable peeler, peel the carrot and the zucchini lengthwise to create long "linguine" ribbons. Place the carrot and zucchini ribbons in a large bowl of ice water while you make the dressing.
Name:"Baked Crab Rangoon"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 375F. Spray both sides of the wonton wrapper with cooking spray and place snugly into muffin pan. Bake for 7-8 minutes until the edges are beginning to get golden brown and crisp. If you are having trouble getting the edges to brown, use tongs to remove the wonton cups and place them directly on the oven rack to bake for 1-2 minutes. They should crisp up nicely.
Name:"White Beans and Cabbage"	Recipe:1. Pour the olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. When hot, add the potatoes and spread them evenly in the pan. Cook the potatoes for 5 minutes or so, make sure you scrape and toss the potatoes during cooking so that you can get each side browned and cooked through.
Name:"Meyer Lemon Clouds with Lemon Whipped Cream and Fresh Blueberries"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter six 3/4-cup custard cups or ramekins. Combine just 1/2 cup sugar, egg yolks, flour, lemon juice, and lemon peel in large bowl; whisk until well blended. Whisk in milk.
Name:"Indian Cabbage with Crispy, Crunchy Chickpeas"	Recipe:1. If using canned chickpeas, drain, rinse well and rub with paper towels to remove some of the skin. If using dried chickpeas: pour hot water over chickpeas and let soak over night. Press each chickpea between thumb and index finger to take skin off and dry on paper towel.
Name:"Chicken Sausage with Apple Slaw"	Recipe:1. To cook the sausage, grab a large frying pan or saute pan with lid. Turn heat to medium and swirl in the cooking oil. When hot, add the sausage and cook until all sides are browned. Pour in the liquid, cover immediately, turn heat to medium-low and let cook for 3-5 minutes until chicken sausage is cooked through.
Name:"Steamed Fish with Black Bean Sauce"	Recipe:1. Season the fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. Spread the tops with black bean paste. Place fish into heatproof dish, add sake and steam for 10 minutes over high heat in a steamer.
Name:"Black Eyed Peas with Ham &#8211; good luck for New Year&#8217;s!"	Recipe:1. Rinse the black eyed peas, pick through and discard anything that's not-bean. Soak in water overnight or place in pot with water, bring to rolling boil. Turn off heat and let sit in hot water for 1 hour. Drain, discard water.
Name:"Middle Eastern Stuffed Zucchini"	Recipe:1. Cut zucchini in half lengthwise. Using a small spoon, carefully scoop out flesh and seeds, leaving a 1/4-inch-thick shell around edges. Discard flesh and seeds.
Name:"Green Eggs and Ham Sushi"	Recipe:Make the sushi rice : Place rice in fine-mesh colander and rinse well to remove excess starch; drain. Transfer to a 2 1/2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan. Add water. Cover with tight fitting lid and bring to boil. Reduce heat to low or medium-low. Very gently simmer, covered, about 20 minutes or until water is absorbed. Remove from heat. Let stand, covered, for 15 minutes. Transfer rice to a large baking dish or large bowl. Slightly cool. Sprinkle with rice vinegar; very gently toss until combined. Cool to room temperature. Cover with damp towel to prevent rice from drying out. When making sushi, you want the rice to be close to room temperature (hot, steaming rice will make the seaweed soggy).
Name:"Pork Tenderloin with Warm Grilled Tomato Salsa"	Recipe:Mix mustard and honey together. Smear the honey mustard mix on the pork tenderlion covering all sides. Season with the salt and pepper. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and bake for 20 minutes or until the center reaches about 150F. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the Grilled Tomato Salsa
Name:"Open Face Salmon Sandwich with Sweet Mustard Sauce"	Recipe:1. To make the Sweet Mustard sauce, whisk together the mustard and honey in a small bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil, whisking continuously. Stir in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.
Name:"Chinese Boiled Pork Dumplings Recipe"	Recipe:1. To make the filling, put the cabbage in a food processor and process until cabbage is finely minced. Remove the cabbage to a large bowl and sprinkle with the salt. Let cabbage sit for 10 minutes. In the meantime, return the food processor bowl to the stand and add the ginger, chives, pork, pepper, soy sauce, rice wine and sesame oil. Pulse 4 times to mix the ingredients well. Set aside.
Name:"Fresh Pear and Shrimp Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:1. Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Blanch the pear wedges and carrots for 30 seconds, then drain immediately. Pat the shrimp very dry. In a small bowl, mix together the salt, sugar, chicken broth and cornstarch. Set aside.
Name:"Japanese Noodles with Shimeji Mushroom"	Recipe:Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil and cook the noodles according to package instructions. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a skillet over a low heat and add the garlic cloves. Saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Name:"Delicious Days&#8217; Asian Sesame Chicken Noodle Salad"	Recipe:Place the chicken breasts in a pot with lightly salted water (enough water to cover the chicken.) Bring to a boil, immediately reduce heat and cook in the barely simmering water for 10-15 minutes until done. Test for doneness. Remove chicken and let cool. Return water back to boil and cook the noodles according to package instructions and drain.
Name:"Chinese Marbled Tea Egg Recipe"	Recipe:Gently place the eggs in a medium pot and fill with water to cover the eggs by 1-inch. Bring the pot to a boil, lower the heat and let simmer for 3 minutes. Remove the eggs (leaving the water in the pot) and let cool under running cool water. Using the back of the teaspoon, gently tap the eggshell to crack the shell all over. The more you tap, the more intricate the design. Do this with a delicate hand to keep the shell intact. To the same pot with the boiling water, return the eggs and add in the remaining ingredients. Bring the mixture to a boil and immediately turn the heat to low. Simmer for 40 minutes, cover with lid and let eggs steep for a few hours to overnight. The longer you steep, the more flavorful and deeply marbled the tea eggs will be. In the photos above, I steeped for 5 hours. Mom likes to steep overnight.
Name:"Shrimp Fried Rice Recipe"	Recipe:In a bowl, toss the shrimp with the salt, pepper and cornstarch. Let the shrimp marinate for 10 minutes at room temperature. Heat a wok or large sauté pan on high heat. When the pan is hot enough for a bead of water to instantly sizzle and evaporate, add only 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil and swirl to coat pan.
Name:"Korean Glass Noodles &#8211; Jap Chae"	Recipe:1. Fill a large pot with water and boil. When water is boiling, add the noodles and cook for 5 minutes. Immediately drain and rinse with cold water. Drain again and toss with only 1 tsp of the sesame oil. Use kitchen shears to cut noodles into shorter pieces, about 8 inches in length. Set aside.
Name:"Grilled Shrimp Lettuce Cups with Tropical Fruit Salsa"	Recipe:1. Fill a large pot with water and boil. When water is boiling, add the noodles and cook for 5 minutes. Immediately drain and rinse with cold water. Drain again and toss with only 1 tsp of the sesame oil. Use kitchen shears to cut noodles into shorter pieces, about 8 inches in length. Set aside.
Name:"Long Life Fertility Noodles Recipe with Happy Shrimp"	Recipe:Bring a stockpot of water to boil. Add 1 tsp of salt to water and cook thin spaghetti, according to package directions. Drain. While pasta is cooking, place shrimp in a small bowl and add the remaining 1/2 teaspoon of salt and the cornstarch. Mix well and let sit for 8 minutes. Rinse the shrimp well, washing off the salt and cornstarch. Pat very dry with paper towels.
Name:"Green Beans with Garam Masala Butter and Toasted Hazelnuts"	Recipe:Heat a saute pan, and when hot, add nuts. Toast on medium heat, shaking skillet periodically until nuts are golden brown. Be careful not to burn them. Remove nuts immediately from hot skillet. If using skin-on hazelnuts, rub the nuts between towels to loosen and remove some of the skin. Roughly chop nuts. Set aside.
Name:"Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Cashew Butter Dipping Sauce"	Recipe:In a medium sized bowl, whisk together the fish sauce, lemongrass, pepper and sugar. Add the shrimp and stir to coat. Marinate shrimp for 10 minutes. In meantime, boil a pot of water. Add vermicelli and cook for 4 minutes. Drain immediately, rinse with cold water, and drain again. Try to remove as much water as possible. Set aside.
Name:"Roasted Garlic Shrimp Recipe"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 400F.Wash and carefully cut through shell to devein the shrimp while leaving the shell on. The easiest way to do this is with sharp, pointy kitchen shears. Just cut through the shell, following the back of shrimp. Devein.Heat a medium frying pan, over medium-high heat with the butter and olive oil. When hot but not smoking, add the shallots, garlic, rosemary, thyme, red pepper and salt. Saute for 1 minute or so, until fragrant.Add wine and bring to simmer. Turn heat off and toss in the shrimp to coat. Immediately spread out the shrimp in single layer on baking sheet. Roast in oven for 6-8 minutes, or until shrimp is cooked through. Timing will depend on the size of shrimp, check after 8 minutes. Toss with chopped parsley. Serve with bread to soak up the juices.
Name:"Fried Green Tomato Salad with Sweet Chili Dressing + Menu For Hope"	Recipe:1. Slice unpeeled tomatoes into 1/2" slices. Season both sides with salt, pepper and chili powder and let sit. In meantime, make salad dressing (recipe below) and prep the following in separate bowls in this order: milk, flour, egg, panko.
Name:"Crispy Tofu with Citrus Soy + Steamy Kitchen on TV"	Recipe:Combine lemon juice, orange juice, soy, mirin, rice wine vinegar and ginger in a small saucepan. Simmer on low for 5 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and lemon zest. Taste. Sometimes I like to add a little more zing...and add in just a touch more rice wine vinegar, especially if I'm serving it with salad.
Name:"Sweet Yogurt Sundae with Saffron &#038; Pomegranate"	Recipe:1. Line a large sieve or colander with cheesecloth. Place colander over a bowl. Place yogurt in colander to drain for 2-3 hours in the refrigerator. Discard the water (or whey.) Turn the yogurt into a bowl and mix in the honey, nutmeg and cardamom.
Name:"Grilled Whole Fish on Banana Leaf"	Recipe:1. Clean your whole fish: Have your fishmonger scale and gut the fish for you. Its a messy business to scale a fish in your home kitchen sink! Even though your fishmonger gutted the fish for you - here's an important tip. The lining of the gut area is very fishy tasting and smelling. Usually, the thin membrane is still attached. Just use the tip of the knife to scrape the tough membrane lining and pull it out. Sometimes the color is white, sometimes it is pinkish. After cleaning, with sharp knife, slash fish diagonally 3 times per side to allow it to cook more evenly (which I totally forgot to do in my photo).
Name:"15 Minute Asian Noodles"	Recipe:1. Boil 6 cups of water and cook noodles according to package directions (timing depends on thickness of noodles). Use your chopsticks to jiggle and separate the noodle strands in the water. Reserve 1/4 cup of hot noodle water. Drain noodles, set aside. While water is boiling, thinly slice your vegetables. Multitask!
Name:"Korean Glass Noodles &#8211; Jap Chae / Chap Chae"	Recipe:Fill a large pot with water and boil. When water is boiling, add the noodles and cook for 5 minutes. Immediately drain and rinse with cold water. Drain again and toss with only 1 tsp of the sesame oil. Use kitchen shears to cut noodles into shorter pieces, about 8 inches in length. Set aside.
Name:"Grilled Corn with Lime Cilantro Wasabi Butter"	Recipe:1. Make the herb butter: Combine all butter ingredients. Use fork to mash and mix well. Lay a large piece of plastic cling wrap on counter. Spoon the butter on the wrap and fold plastic wrap over. Using your hands, mold and roll into a cylinder shape. I use a sushi bamboo mat and that worked really well. Place in refrigerator (or freezer if you're in a hurry) and let chill for at least 30 minutes. This can be made up to 3 days in advance.
Name:"Asian Lettuce Cups Recipe with Ground Turkey &#038; Green Apple"	Recipe:1. To fry the mung bean noodles, heat a wok or small sauce pan (something not too wide at its base. the smaller the base width, the less oil you will need to use) with about 2 inches of cooking oil. While oil is heating to 375F, use your hands to separate the strands of the mung bean noodle into small clumps. When oil hot, fry one batch at a time. It should only take 10 seconds to fry. Remove, drain on paper towels.
Name:"Vegetable Fried Rice"	Recipe:1. Heat the cooking oil on medium-high heat. When hot, add tofu cubes and brown on all sides. Remove, set aside. If you aren't using tofu, then skip this step. Tofu is browned first, removed and added in later so that the delicate cubes do not get crushed in the frying process.
Name:"Chinese Steamed Fish Recipe"	Recipe:Equipment: shallow pan to hold fish &amp; large pot or wok for steaming. If you don't have a fancy steamer or steamer insert, take a shallow-ish bowl and invert to use as a stand. Or...3 shot glasses inverted.
Name:"Coconut Frozen Yogurt"	Recipe:1. Strain the yogurt: If you are using regular yogurt, you'll need to strain the water out. If you are using Greek style yogurt, skip this step. Line your mesh strainer with a double-layer of cheesecloth. Spoon the yogurt in and let it sit propped over a bowl in the refrigerator for 6 hours until all water has drained out.
Name:"Slow Cooked Salmon"	Recipe:1. Preheat to 250F.  Season salmon and let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes. &lt;- important. Otherwise the time in the oven will be devoted to un-chilling your salmon, instead of cooking it. Grab a pan big enough to hold all fillets in single layer. Make bed of whatever ingredients you've chosen.
Name:"Saffron Rice"	Recipe:1. Wash and drain the rice. In 4-qt pot, heat with olive oil over medium heat. When oil is shimmering, add onions and fry for 3 minutes, until softened and light brown. Stir in rice, broth, saffron + soaking water and salt. Bring to a boil over high heat.
Name:"Zucchini “Spaghetti”"	Recipe:Heat fry pan over medium heat. Add a little olive oil (about 1 tsp). When oil is shimmering, add garlic, and fry until fragrant about 15 seconds. Turn heat to high. Add zucchini strands, str fry for 1 minute, Add salt and pepper flakes. Serve. Make sure you don't cook the zucchini too long - or they will get mushy.
Name:"Chinese Long Beans"	Recipe:Heat up your wok, add oil. When shimmering, add minced garlic. Fry just for a few seconds until fragrant. You want to make sure that you don't wait too long before adding the garlic to the oil, otherwise the oil will be too hot and the garlic will burn.
Name:"Healthy Chinese Chicken Soup"	Recipe:1. Using very sharp, heavy cleaver, cut up the chicken into as many 2"-3" pieces as you can. The smaller the pieces, the more flavor will be extracted into the soup.
Name:"Chinese Greens (Yu Choy) Stir Fry"	Recipe:1. Heat the oil in your wok until hot. Turn the heat to medium. Add the garlic cloves to the oil and fry until the cloves are golden brown (but not burnt!). This will flavor the oil.
Name:"Scallops with Apricot Sauce"	Recipe:Cook the rice according to package instructions then toss with cilantro, lime zest and lime juice.2.Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Season both sides of each scallop with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the pan then add scallops and cook 1-2 minutes on both sides, until a golden brown crust forms and the centers are slightly translucent.Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to a medium skillet. Add ginger and cook about 30 seconds until it begins to brown. Add jam and soy sauce, stir until combined and heated through. If the sauce is too thick, stir in 1-2 tablespoons of water to thin the sauce.Serve scallops over rice with a drizzle of apricot sauce and a spritz of fresh lime juice.
Name:"Hot Dogs with Kimchi Relish"	Recipe:Preheat a grill to high or preheat a ridged cast iron grill pan over high heat.Mix together the kimchi, honey, and vinegar in a small bowl.Grill the hot dogs until browned and crispy, and lightly grill the rolls until they're golden brown. Put the hot dogs in the rolls and top each one with 1 tablespoon mustard and one-quarter of the kimchi relish.
Name:"Chinese Sweet &#038; Sour Spare Ribs Recipe"	Recipe:Place the ribs in a saucepan of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Skim the water, then add half of the ginger, half of the green onions, the Chinese rice wine and salt. Turn the heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes until the meat is cooked and tender. Continue skimming the pot. Strain and set aside, reserving the cooking liquid.Heat a wok or large saute pan over high heat until very hot. Pour in the cooking oil and add the remaining ginger slices and green onions. Stir fry until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add in the strained spare ribs and stir fry for 2 minutes in the fragrant oil.Add 1 cup of the cooking liquid, the dark soy sauce and sugar. Simmer over a medium flame, spooning the liquid over the ribs, until the sauce has reduced to a heavy, syrupy consistency.Add the vinegar and cook for another 1-2 minutes, until the flavors have fused. Off the heat, stir in the sesame oil.
Name:"Shrimp Teriyaki Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:Pat the shrimp very dry. In a bowl, toss the shrimp with cornstarch to coat.Heat a wok or large saute pan over high heat. When hot, swirl in just 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil. Add the shrimp to the pan, trying not to overlap. Let cook for 30 seconds. Flip, and cook an 30 seconds. Remove the shrimp to a clean bowl. The shrimp will be half-cooked, we will finish cooking in a later step.Turn the heat to medium-high. To the same pan, swirl in the remaining cooking oil. When hot, add in the onion and bell pepper. Stir fry for 1 minute. Add in the sugar snap peas and continue to stir fry for an additional minute.Add in the half-cooked shrimp and pour in the Ginger Teriyaki Sauce. Cook until the sauce comes to a simmer, thickens, and is glossy. Garnish with green onions.
Name:"Baked Parmesan Garlic Chicken Wings Recipe"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 425F. In a small bowl, mix together the oregano, rosemary, cumin and salt. Lay the chicken wings on a baking sheet and season the chicken wings with this mixture.Bake the chicken wings for 20-25 minutes. While the chicken is baking, mix together the butter fresh basil, garlic, parmesan cheese and seasoning salt.In a separate bowl, mix together the blue cheese dressing with the mustard (this is your dipping sauce)When the chicken is cooked through, toss the wings with the garlic/cheese/olive oil (or butter) sauce. Serve with the blue cheese/mustard dressing.
Name:"Hainanese Chicken Rice Recipe"	Recipe:To clean the chicken, with a small handful of kosher salt, rub the chicken all over, getting rid of any loose skin and dirt. Rinse chicken well, inside and outside. Season generously with salt inside and outside. Stuff the chicken with the ginger slices and the green onion. Place the chicken in a large stockpot and fill with cold water to cover by 1 inch. Bring the pot to a boil over high heat, then immediately turn the heat to low to keep a simmer. Cook for about 30 minutes more (less if you're using a smaller chicken). Check for doneness by sticking a chopstick into the flesh under the leg and see if the juices run clear or insert a thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh not touching bone. It should read 160F. The chicken will continue to cook to 165F during rest. When the chicken is cooked through, turn off the heat and remove the pot from the burner. Immediately lift and transfer the chicken into a bath of ice water to cool and discard the ginger and green onion. Don't forget to reserve the poaching broth for your rice, your sauce, and the accompanying soup. The quick cooling will stop the cooking process, keeping the meat soft and tender, and giving the skin a lovely firm texture. After cooling, pat the chicken dry with paper towels and rub the sesame oil all over the chicken. This will help prevent the chicken from drying out.Place rice into a large bowl, and fill with water. Use your hands to swish the water around, cleaning the rice. Tilt bowl to discard water, keeping the rice in the bowl Repeat 3 more times, until water is less cloudy. Fill bowl again, with fresh water. Let rice soak for 10 minutes. In a wok or pot, heat 2 tablespoons of cooking oil over medium-high heat. When hot, add the ginger and the garlic and fry until your kitchen smells like heaven. Be careful not to burn the garlic and ginger! Add in your drained rice and stir to coat, cook for an additional minute. Add the sesame oil, mix well.Add 2 cups of your reserved poaching broth, add salt and bring to a boil. Immediately turn the heat down to low, cover the pot and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit (with lid still on) for 5-10 minutes more.While your rice is cooking, remove the chicken from the ice bath and rub the outside of the chicken with the sesame oil. Carve the chicken for serving.To make the chili sauce: Blend your chili sauce ingredients in a blender until smooth and bright red.To make the ginger garlic sauce: In a small saucepan, heat the cooking oil until very hot, when you start seeing wisps of smoke. Turn off heat. Immediately add garlic and ginger and let it sizzle for a few seconds. Once it settles, stir in salt and vinegar.You should have six or seven cups of the reserved poaching broth left over to serve as soup. Just before serving, heat up the soup, taste and season with salt as necessary.
Name:"Leftover Turkey: Tikka Masala"	Recipe:1. Make rice: Rinse and drain the rice 3 times, until the water is just barely cloudy. In a medium saucepan with tight fitting lid, add the drained rice, cinnamon stick, cloves, cardamom pods and salt. Pour in 3 cups water and bring to a boil. Immediately cover and reduce heat to low. Cook for 15 minutes. Turn off heat, let sit, undisturbed for 5 minutes.
Name:"Miso Salmon Recipe"	Recipe:1. In a small bowl, whisk together the miso, sake and mirin. On a plate, spread the miso mixture on all sides of the salmon. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 2 hours.
Name:"Three Cup Chicken Recipe"	Recipe:1. Put the chicken pieces in a large saucepan and add enough water to cover the meat completely. Bring the water slowly to a simmer, skimming off any scum that forms on the surface. Simmer for 10 minutes. Drain the chicken and discard the water.
Name:"Spicy Shrimp Skewers"	Recipe:1. Bring sugar and lime juice to a simmer in a saucepan. Cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Remove from heat; stir in lime zest, chili paste, and fish sauce. Season with salt. Transfer half of sauce to another bowl (for serving).
Name:"Chicken Adobo Recipe"	Recipe:1. In a large, nonreactive saute pan, whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, black peppercorns and bay leaves. Nestle in the chicken thighs, skin side down, into the pan. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat, and then cover and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes. Turn the chicken over, and then cover and simmer for another 10 minutes.
Name:"Vietnamese BBQ Tacos"	Recipe:1. To make the marinade, whisk together the fish sauce and the next 7 ingredients in a bowl. Place steaks in gallon-sized zip-top bag, pour in the marinade. Squeeze out the air, massage bag a bit to distribute the marinade. Refrigerate for up to overnight.
Name:"Korean BBQ Baby Back Ribs Recipe"	Recipe:Heat oven the 375F. (optional) Using a butter knife to pry it up, separate the membrane from the back of the ribs and discard. Generously season both sides of the ribs with salt and pepper. Wrap the ribs in foil, meaty side up and seal completely. Bake for 90 minutes. To make the Korean Kalbi sauce, mix together the remaining ingredients in a bowl. After the ribs are cooked, remove from the oven and carefully open up the foil -- be careful of the hot steam! Slather 3/4 of the Korean Kalbi sauce on the tops of the ribs. Place the oven rack in the top third of the oven and heat the broiler to high. Put the ribs back in the oven, foil still open, and broil until the sauce bubbles and caramelizes, about 3-5 minutes. Keep a watch on the ribs – it's so easy to burn them! Just before serving, pour the remaining Korean Kalbi sauce on top of the ribs.
Name:"Thai Steak Salad Recipe"	Recipe:1. Heat a large grill pan over medium-high heat. Coat pan with cooking spray. Season steak evenly with salt and pepper on both sides. Add steak to pan, cook 4 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness. Remove steak from pan; let stand 5 minutes. Cut steak diagonally across grain into thin slices.
Name:"Clams Casino"	Recipe:1. Preheat the oven to 400F with one rack in upper third of the oven and the other in center of oven. Line two baking sheets with aluminum foil. In the first baking sheet, arrange the bacon slices in a single layer. Bake in oven in the center rack while you proceed with the next step.
Name:"Singapore Chili Crab"	Recipe:1. Place the live crabs in the freezer for 15 minutes to immobilize them. Cut in half, lengthwise with a cleaver or large chef's knife and remove the back and discard the spongy grey matter. Take off the claws and crack in several places with a cleaver. Cut each body half into two to three pieces, leaving the legs attached.
Name:"Steak with Kimchi Butter"	Recipe:1. <strong>To make the Kimchi Butter</strong> - combine the kimchi, miso paste and butter (you can chop the kimchi by hand or add everything in a food processor give it a good whiz). Store Kimchi Butter in a jar or make a log (see photos above).
Name:"Guinness Corned Beef with Cabbage"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 300F. In a large pot, whisk together the beer and the brown sugar. Snuggle in the brisket, it should almost be completely covered by the beer (see photo). Add the pickling spice, onion and the garlic. Bring to a simmer on the stovetop, uncovered is best so you can keep an eye on it. Boiled-over beer is no fun to clean.
Name:"Sous Vide Miso Salmon Recipe"	Recipe:1. In a bowl, whisk together the miso, sake and mirin until smooth paste forms. Spread mixture over each salmon fillet. Add the salmon to a gallon freezer bag, insert the pieces of butter. Set sous vide to 104F/40C. Once at temperature, cook for 30 minutes.
Name:"Leftover Turkey Recipe: Chinese Congee (Rice Porridge or Jook)"	Recipe:1. Soak dried scallops and shrimp in 1 cup of hot water for 10 minutes. With your hands, separate the bones into large pieces (no smaller than 3"). In a large stockpot, heat cooking oil over medium-low heat. When hot, add carrots and celery and cook for 3-5 minutes until soft. Add turkey bones and water to pot.
Name:"Salmon with Magical Butter Sauce"	Recipe:1. Season the salmon with salt and pepper. Roll the salmon. Use kitchen twine to tie the salmon in 4 places, evenly spaced. Make sure you tie it tight! Cut between the twine to make 4 evenly sized pieces, about 1 1/4" thick.
Name:"Thai Grilled Shrimp with Black Pepper Sauce"	Recipe:1. MAKE THE PICKLED CUCUMBERS: In a bowl, whisk together the hot water, salt and sugar until dissolved. Stir in the rice vinegar. Toss with the sliced cucumber. Refrigerate while preparing the rest of the recipe or up to overnight.
Name:"Asian Rice Noodle Salad with Steak Recipe"	Recipe:1. To a resealable bag, add most of the minced garlic (reserve the rest for the dressing), grated ginger, just 1 tablespoon soy sauce (reserve rest for dressing), sesame oil and brown sugar. Mix well. Add in the steak, remove as much air as possible and seal. Marinate for up to overnight.
Name:"Chinese Clay Pot Rice Recipe"	Recipe:To the oil, add in the sugar, soy sauce and rice wine. Bring to a simmer and then turn the heat to low. Let simmer for 2 minutes. Turn off heat and pour in the sesame oil. Let cool completely before storing in a jar. Lasts up to 4 months in refrigerator.
Name:"Thai Firecracker Shrimp"	Recipe:1. Shell the shrimp, leaving the tail on. Pat the shrimp very dry with a towel or paper towel. With a small knife, make three shallow, parallel slits along the inside curve of shrimp, just nicking the shrimp in place to "straighten" out the natural curve of shrimp. This will help keep the shrimp nice and straight when frying.
Name:"Chinese Shrimp Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:In a small bowl, combine oyster sauce, soy sauce and cilantro and set aside.Pat the shrimp very dry with paper towels. In a medium bowl, add shrimp and cornstarch and toss to coat.In a wok or large saute pan over high heat, add half the cooking oil and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. When the wok is very hot, add the shrimp in a single layer and cook partially until one side is nicely seared, about 1 minute. Flip and sear the other side of each shrimp, about one more minute. They don't need to be cooked all the way through yet. Remove them to a plate and set aside.Turn the heat down to medium and let wok cool off a bit to prevent the aromatics from burning. Add the remaining cooking oil and add green onion, garlic and ginger and stir fry for a minute until fragrant. [If you are using other vegetables, like snow peas, add them to the wok now and stir fry for a minute or until the vegetables are bright in color and crisp-crunchy]Pour in the sauce mixture and add the shrimp back into the pan. Stir fry for another minute or so until shrimp is cooked through. Serve immediately.
Name:"Vietnamese Pho Pressure Cooker &#8211; Paleo Friendly"	Recipe:5. Once finished cooking and safe to open, open the pressure cooker and using a fine mesh or ladle, remove the top layer of fatty liquid that has accumulated on the surface of the broth and discard (there will be lots of it.) Remove the onion, ginger and spice sachet and discard. Remove the meat to your cutting board. Shred the brisket using two forks. Remove any other meat from bone.
Name:"Easy Pad Thai Recipe &#8211; Cheater Version!"	Recipe:1. In a large bowl, fully submerge the dry rice noodles in hot tap water (not boiling, just hot to touch). Let them soak for 8-10 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Name:"Healthy General Tso&#8217;s Chicken"	Recipe:1. In a bowl, make the General Tso sauce: Whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar, honey, garlic chili sauce, chicken broth, just 1 teaspoon of the cornstarch. Set aside.
Name:"Thai Fish Soup"	Recipe:In a wok or soup pot over medium high heat, add cooking oil and swirl to coat. When hot, add in the garlic, ginger, red onion, chili pepper, lemongrass, kaffir and gently cook for about 2 minutes to release the aromas and flavors.
Name:"Salmon Teriyaki Recipe"	Recipe:For the Pineapple Teriyaki Sauce: In a blender, add just 1 cup of the pineapple, ginger, garlic, soy sauce, brown sugar, sesame oil and puree until smooth.
Name:"Thai Hot and Sour Chicken Soup"	Recipe:In a pot, add the chicken stock, ginger, kaffir lime, lemongrass and chile slices. Bring to a simmer, cover, and then turn the heat to low. Let simmer for 10 minutes. Strain out and discard the spent herbs. (You can taste the soup at this point, if you would like it more spicy, keep the chile pepper slices in the stock and discard just before serving.)
Name:"Tofu Prosciutto Panini"	Recipe:Heat panini press to medium-high heat. Brush one side of the bread with olive oil. For each sandwich, layer on the prosciutto, tofu, tomatoes, fresh buffalo mozzarella and basil. Generously season each sandwich with salt and pepper. Drizzle 1 teaspoon of balsamic vinegar on each sandwich. Close the sandwich, and brush the outside of both bread slices with olive oil. Place sandwich in panini press. Cook for 4 minutes or until the panini is browned.
Name:"Chicken Satay with Peanut Noodles"	Recipe:For the chicken satay: In a non-aluminum container, combine all ingredients together. Marinate in the refrigerator for 10 minutes or up to 24 hours. Heat the grill to medium-high. Skewer the chicken pieces on the soaked skewers and discard the marinade. Grill the chicken for 3-4 minutes per side, until cooked through. Serve the chicken warm with the peanut noodles.
Name:"Wasabi Shrimp with Avocado on Rice Cracker"	Recipe:In a bowl, add a handful of ice cubes and cold water to cover. With a small or medium sharp knife, cut green onion stalks into 3" lengths. Slice the green onion lengthwise into long thin strips, as thin as possible (see video). Place green onion slivers into ice water. Set aside while you continue with rest of recipe.
Name:"Baby Bok Choy with Ground Chicken Stir Fry"	Recipe:In a wok or large saute pan over high heat, add the cooking oil. When hot, add ground chicken and saute until browned (but not fully cooked through). Lower heat to medium-high and add green onion, ginger and garlic and stir for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Add bok choy to wok with the water, toss well to coat with the oil, aromatics and chicken. Cover the wok. Allow to cook for 2 minutes or until the bok choy is crisp-tender. Add soy sauce, sesame oil and toss well for 30 seconds. The baby bok choy should be just-tender in the stem, but not too soft. Serve immediately.
Name:"Chinese Daikon and Carrot Soup"	Recipe:Bring a large soup pot filled with water to a rolling boil. Add pork and bones and let boil rapidly for 10 minutes. Remove pork and set aside. Drain and discard the water, clean the pot if needed. Fill the pot with new water to make the broth (approximately 4 quarts) and add in the pork, bones, shrimp, scallops, ginger, garlic. Bring to a simmer and then turn the heat to medium-low, or hot enough to just produce a gentle simmer for 30-40 minutes.
Name:"Grilled Chicken with Blackberry Sweet and Sour Sauce"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. Brush each side of chicken breasts with the cooking oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill 3 minutes on each side, then turn the heat to medium-low and cover to cook for an additional 5 minutes or until cooked through.
Name:"Chinese Grilled Shrimp"	Recipe:Preheat grill to high heat. In a large bowl, add all ingredients and mix thoroughly to coat the shrimp. At this point, you can refrigerate for up to overnight or just proceed to next step.
Name:"Green Beans with Chinese Preserved Radish Stir Fry"	Recipe:In a large wok or pan with a lid, add one inch of water and bring to a boil (steaming rack optional). Add the green beans and cover. Steam until green beans have turned bright green and are crunchy-tender, about 5 minutes. Remove and drain the green beans and set aside. Discard the remaining water in the wok and dry the wok thoroughly.
Name:"Curried Beef Dumplings"	Recipe:In a large bowl, combine: ground beef, ginger, garlic, curry powder, soy sauce cornstarch, salt, sesame oil, just ONE of the eggs, bell pepper and green onion. Mix thoroughly.
Name:"Coconut Curry Shrimp with Coconut Rice"	Recipe:In a large bowl, combine: ground beef, ginger, garlic, curry powder, soy sauce cornstarch, salt, sesame oil, just ONE of the eggs, bell pepper and green onion. Mix thoroughly.
Name:"Chinese Fried Wontons"	Recipe:In a large bowl, add the meat, ginger, garlic, green onions, soy sauce, oyster sauce, curry powder and kale and mix well to combine. To make the egg wash, in a small bowl, add the water and egg and whisk with a fork.
Name:"Pressure Cooker White Bean Chili Frito Pie"	Recipe:Sort beans by removing and discarding any foreign material or shriveled/discolored beans. Rinse beans with cold water. Add the sorted and rinsed beans to the inner cooking pot of the pressure cooker. Add the water and additional ingredients.
Name:"Cod in Garlic-Ginger Broth"	Recipe:Heat a wok or large saute pan over medium-low heat. Immediately add in the onion, ginger and garlic. Stir constantly and cook slowly for 3 minutes, until the onion is softened and all the aromatics are fragrant. Take care not to burn them!
Name:"Prime Rib Roast with Miso Jus"	Recipe:Heat the oven to 250F. Season the rib roast on all sides with salt and pepper. Rub just 2-3 tablespoons of the miso (keep the rest of the miso for the Au Jus) on all sides of the rib roast. Place rib roast in a large roasting pan. Scatter the vegetables all around the roast.
Name:"Pork and Spinach Wonton"	Recipe:1. Squeeze as much water out of the spinach and discard the water (or water your plants!). Place the spinach and cabbage in a large bowl. Sprinkle with salt and mix well. Let sit for 10 minutes. In large handfuls (or a cheesecloth), squeeze the water out of the cabbage/spinach and discard the water.
Name:"Pineapple Chicken Teriyaki"	Recipe:1. To make the teriyaki sauce, place the crushed pineapple, soy sauce, honey, ginger and garlic a bowl, whisk to combine. Pour half of the teriyaki sauce in a resealable plastic bag and reserve the other half. Place the chicken breasts in the resealable bag, close and give it a good massage to coat with the marinade. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or up to overnight.
Name:"Hungarian Pork Stew Recipe, Guest Post by The Watering Mouth"	Recipe:1. In a large pot (6 qt) over medium to medium-high heat, add onions and canola oil. Saute onions until they are translucent, but not browned. Add more oil when necessary to keep them slick in the process. When the onions have finished cooking, turn down heat to low, add paprika to mixture and stir to mix well.
Name:"Chicken Salad with Sesame-Miso Dressing"	Recipe:Turn oven to broil (high) and place rack 8" below heating element. Slice the chicken breast into thick strips. Combine the sake, ginger, miso and salt. Toss the chicken strips into the mixture. Place chicken on a baking pan. Broil for 8 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.
Name:"Thai Seafood Curry Recipe"	Recipe:1. Cook the rice according to package instructions. Here are my instructions for <a data-wpel-link="internal" href="https://steamykitchen.com/22048-how-to-microwave-rice-recipe.html">how to cook rice in the microwave.</a>
Name:"Braised Tofu with Ground Pork"	Recipe:1. Drain the tofu and place on towels or paper towels. To get rid excess water in the tofu, place another towel on top of the tofu, then place something flat and heavy (like a cutting board or a cast iron frying pan) on top. You can weigh the cutting board down by putting a couple of cans of soup on top. Let sit for 10 minutes. Cut the tofu into several slices 3/4" thick. Season on both sides with salt, pepper.
Name:"Whiskey Miso Pork Chops"	Recipe:1. In a sealable bag, combine the whiskey, apple cider, miso, brown sugar and mustard. Add the pork chops, seal the bag and squeeze out as much air as possible. Refrigerate for 15 minutes or up to overnight.
Name:"Grilled Asian Flank Steak"	Recipe:1. Score the flank steak on one side in a criss-cross pattern, about 1" apart and 1/8" deep. Rub the steak on both sides with the cooking oil and season both sides with salt and pepper.
Name:"Miso Roast Chicken"	Recipe:1. To spatchcock the chicken, place the chicken with the back facing you (the drumsticks should be facing up). Use sharp kitchen shears and cut 3/4" to each side of the backbone (center of the chicken) all the way up. Remove the backbone and save for stock. Lay the chicken flat, skin side up and press down on the breast with your palms to flatten the chicken.
Name:"Pork Belly Buns Recipe"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 275F. Wrap the pork belly in heavy tin foil (or use 2 layers). Place on baking sheet and roast for 2 hours. Remove from oven and let cool before refrigerating at least 2 hour or up to 2 days.
Name:"Scallop with Mustard Miso Sauce"	Recipe:1. Heat a nonstick frying pan on medium-high heat. Swirl in the olive oil. Add the scallops and cook for 1 minutes each side to brown. Remove the scallops from the pan to a plate and tent with tin foil to keep warm.
Name:"Miso Salmon with Orange and Fennel Recipe"	Recipe:1. Marinate the salmon with the salt, pepper, Miso &amp; Easy, honey, sake and ginger at least 1 hour or overnight in the refrigerator. It is easiest do this in a resealable bag.
Name:"Lamb Burgers with Brie and Quick Pickled Red Onions"	Recipe:1. Fill a small bowl with the vinegar, sugar plus 1/4 cup of water. Add in the red onion slices and let sit at room temperature while you complete rest of recipe.
Name:"Easter Ham Recipe with Grilled Peaches"	Recipe:1. Fill a small bowl with the vinegar, sugar plus 1/4 cup of water. Add in the red onion slices and let sit at room temperature while you complete rest of recipe.
Name:"Grilled Honey Miso Wings"	Recipe:1. Whisk together all of the ingredients except for the chicken wings. Pour the marinade in a zip-lock bag and add in the wings. Seal and toss to coat the wings evenly. Refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight.
Name:"Simple Grilled Calamari"	Recipe:1. Preheat grill. Wash squid, pat dry with paper towel. Cut squid into 2-inch tubes and thread onto bamboo skewer. Season both sides with salt and pepper.
Name:"Leftover Turkey Recipe: Halal Cart Style Turkey and Rice with White Sauce"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Chili and Basil Scallops"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Grilled Steak and Tomato Salad with Rum Vinaigrette"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Kalbi Ribs with Macadamia Nut Rice"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Pan Seared Trout with Pecan Browned Butter"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Honey Soy Glazed Chicken"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Black Pepper Steak"	Recipe:1. To cook the Rice: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large pot. Add the turmeric and cumin and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and stir to coat. Cook, stirring freqently, until the rice is lightly toasted, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken broth, season to taste with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and bring to boil. Cover, reduce to simmer and cook for 15 minutes without disturbing. Remove from heat, keeping the cover on, and let rest for 5 minutes.
Name:"Steak Teriyaki"	Recipe:1) To make the teriyaki sauce, whisk all the sauce ingredients in a small sauce pan and simmer on low for 3 minutes, until the sauce has thickened slightly then remove from heat.
Name:"Crawfish Boil"	Recipe:1) To make the teriyaki sauce, whisk all the sauce ingredients in a small sauce pan and simmer on low for 3 minutes, until the sauce has thickened slightly then remove from heat.
Name:"Rosemary Garlic Steak"	Recipe:1. Heat a frying pan over high heat until very hot. Add the steaks in the pan and cook to your liking. Remove the steaks from the heat and let rest. Depending on the size of the pan, you may have to do this (and the next step) in two separate times.
Name:"Steak with Whiskey Mushroom Sauce"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 375F. Season the Porterhouse steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Let steak rest at room temperature for 15 minutes. Rub both sides of the Porterhouse steak with cooking oil.
Name:"Bouillabaisse"	Recipe:1. In a large stockpot, heat the olive oil on medium heat. When hot, add in the leek, onion and garlic. Saute for 5 minutes until softened but not brown.
Name:"Fried Smelt"	Recipe:1. In a large saute pan, add oil to reach 1/2 inch up the sides of the pan. Heat the oil until 350F or when you drop a few flakes of matzo meal into the oil it begins to bubble and lightly brown.
Name:"Skirt Steak Tacos"	Recipe:1. Season the skirt steak with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a skillet or grill pan over high heat. When hot, swirl in the cooking oil. Add the skirt steak to the pan and sear for 2-3 minutes each side. If the skirt steak is very thin (about 1/2 inch thick), it should be medium-rare at this point. If the skirt steak is thicker, turn the heat to medium and cover to cook for an additional 2-3 minutes.
Name:"Baked Crab Rangoon"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 375F. Spray both sides of the wonton wrapper with cooking spray and place snugly into muffin pan. Bake for 7-8 minutes until the edges are beginning to get golden brown and crisp. If you are having trouble getting the edges to brown, use tongs to remove the wonton cups and place them directly on the oven rack to bake for 1-2 minutes. They should crisp up nicely.
Name:"Seared Scallops with Creamy Sauce"	Recipe:1. Pat the scallops very dry. Heat a large saute pan or skillet over high heat. When hot, swirl in just 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Add the scallops to the hot pan, try to keep them from touching each other. Give 'em room to sear! Sear 1 1/2 minutes on each side. Remove scallops to plate.
Name:"Chicken Sausage with Apple Slaw"	Recipe:1. To cook the sausage, grab a large frying pan or saute pan with lid. Turn heat to medium and swirl in the cooking oil. When hot, add the sausage and cook until all sides are browned. Pour in the liquid, cover immediately, turn heat to medium-low and let cook for 3-5 minutes until chicken sausage is cooked through.
Name:"Pork Chops with Apricot Brandy Sauce"	Recipe:1. Soak the apricots in brandy in a small bowl. Combine the cumin, ginger salt and pepper. Lightly score pork chops on one side with sharp knife.. Rub evenly on both sides of pork chops.
Name:"Steamed Fish with Black Bean Sauce"	Recipe:1. Season the fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. Spread the tops with black bean paste. Place fish into heatproof dish, add sake and steam for 10 minutes over high heat in a steamer.
Name:"10-Minute Thai Shrimp Curry"	Recipe:Heat a skillet over medium high heat, once hot add in the cooking oil and red curry paste. Whisk for about 30 seconds. Pour in the coconut milk, fish sauce and continue whisking. Add in the mushrooms and the red peppers and continue cooking for 3 minutes. Add the shrimp to the curry and cook for another 2 minutes. Stir in the basil and serve over cooked rice.
Name:"Perfect Prime Rib Recipe with Red Wine Jus"	Recipe:1. Take roast from refrigerator and let stand at room temperature for 2 hours. Preheat oven to 400F, place rack on lowest position. Rub oxtails with tomato paste, place in roasting pan. Add onions, celery, carrots and garlic, toss with just 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil. Roast for 20 minutes.
Name:"Middle Eastern Stuffed Zucchini"	Recipe:1. Cut zucchini in half lengthwise. Using a small spoon, carefully scoop out flesh and seeds, leaving a 1/4-inch-thick shell around edges. Discard flesh and seeds.
Name:"Butter Poached Lobster with Fresh Tomatoes"	Recipe:1. **If you are using lobster tails: Use sharp kitchen shears to cut shell of lobster all the way down its back. Turn over and cut bottom shell all the way down. Peel off shell and remove meat. Continue with step 2.
Name:"Teriyaki Mushroom Sauce with Grilled Salmon"	Recipe:1. To make the Easy Teriyaki Sauce, whisk all the sauce ingredients in a small sauce pan and simmer on low for 3 minutes, until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Name:"10-Minute Shrimp and Mushroom Thai Curry"	Recipe:Heat a skillet over medium high heat, once hot add in the cooking oil and red curry paste. Whisk for about 30 seconds. Pour in the coconut milk and whisk to combine. When it comes to a simmer, add in the mushrooms and the red peppers and continue cooking for 3 minutes. Taste and whisk in additional curry paste if you want. Add the shrimp to the curry and cook for another 2-3 minutes, until the shrimp is cooked through. Stir in the basil and serve over rice.
Name:"Korean Beef Rice Bowl"	Recipe:1. Cook the rice according to package instructions. See <a data-wpel-link="internal" href="https://steamykitchen.com/192-perfect-steamed-rice-update-from-china.html">How to Cook Perfect Rice</a> recipe on Steamy Kitchen. If using basmati, <a data-wpel-link="external" href="http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Basmati-Rice-232006" rel="external noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">see this recipe.</a>
Name:"Pork Tenderloin with Warm Grilled Tomato Salsa"	Recipe:Mix mustard and honey together. Smear the honey mustard mix on the pork tenderlion covering all sides. Season with the salt and pepper. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and bake for 20 minutes or until the center reaches about 150F. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the Grilled Tomato Salsa
Name:"Open Face Salmon Sandwich with Sweet Mustard Sauce"	Recipe:1. To make the Sweet Mustard sauce, whisk together the mustard and honey in a small bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil, whisking continuously. Stir in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.
Name:"Easter Ham Recipe with Blackberry Rum Glaze (for 2-4)"	Recipe:1. To make the blackberry rum glaze, heat a small sauce pot over medium-low heat. Add the butter and when melted, add the blackberry preserves, rum and brown sugar. Stir well. Let the mixture bubble a bit and then add the fresh blackberries. Cook for 3 minutes.
Name:"Chicken Wings, Momofuku Style"	Recipe:1. Preheat oven to 425F. Line a baking pan with parchment paper (or spray the pan with cooking spray). Place the chicken wings on the parchment paper in single layer. Bake for 20-25 minutes, turning the chicken wings over halfway during cooking process.
Name:"Pioneer Woman&#8217;s Buttermilk Fried Chicken"	Recipe:1. In a large bowl (or 2 freezer bags) add the chicken with only 1 quart of the buttermilk. Refrigerate overnight. When ready to fry, remove chicken from bowl and let sit on counter for 30 minutes to take chill off.
Name:"Chinese Boiled Pork Dumplings Recipe"	Recipe:1. To make the filling, put the cabbage in a food processor and process until cabbage is finely minced. Remove the cabbage to a large bowl and sprinkle with the salt. Let cabbage sit for 10 minutes. In the meantime, return the food processor bowl to the stand and add the ginger, chives, pork, pepper, soy sauce, rice wine and sesame oil. Pulse 4 times to mix the ingredients well. Set aside.
Name:"Fresh Pear and Shrimp Stir Fry Recipe"	Recipe:1. Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Blanch the pear wedges and carrots for 30 seconds, then drain immediately. Pat the shrimp very dry. In a small bowl, mix together the salt, sugar, chicken broth and cornstarch. Set aside.
Name:"Chinese Broccoli Beef Noodle Stir Fry"	Recipe:In a medium bowl, whisk together 1 tablespoon each soy sauce, oyster sauce and rice wine. Add the sugar and continue to whisk until completely dissolved. Stir in the tapioca starch and continue stirring until smooth. Add the sesame oil and beef, and mix well. Marinate for 20 minutes. Drain and discard the excess marinade.
Name:"Delicious Days&#8217; Asian Sesame Chicken Noodle Salad"	Recipe:Place the chicken breasts in a pot with lightly salted water (enough water to cover the chicken.) Bring to a boil, immediately reduce heat and cook in the barely simmering water for 10-15 minutes until done. Test for doneness. Remove chicken and let cool. Return water back to boil and cook the noodles according to package instructions and drain.
Name:"Red Lantern Crisp Parcels (Cha Gio or Spring Rolls)"	Recipe:Soak the noodles and mushroom strips separately in cold water for 20 minutes, then drain and drip dry in a colander. Cut the noodles into 1½-inch-long pieces, then combine with all of the filling ingredients in a large bowl and mix well.
Name:"Stir Fried Beef and Nectarines Recipe"	Recipe:In a bowl, combine the soy sauce, sugar, cornstarch, black pepper and the 1 teaspoon of cooking oil. Add the beef slices and mix to coat well. Let marinate 10 minutes at room temperature or up to overnight in the refrigerator.
Name:"Shrimp Fried Rice Recipe"	Recipe:In a bowl, toss the shrimp with the salt, pepper and cornstarch. Let the shrimp marinate for 10 minutes at room temperature. Heat a wok or large sauté pan on high heat. When the pan is hot enough for a bead of water to instantly sizzle and evaporate, add only 1 tablespoon of the cooking oil and swirl to coat pan.
Name:"Pan Fried Pork and Shrimp Potstickers Recipe"	Recipe:Wash the shrimp and pat very dry. In a food processor, add the shrimp, green onions, bamboo shoots and pulse several times until the shrimp is chopped to about 1/4 inch. In a large bowl, combine the shrimp mixture with ground pork, soy sauce, salt, cornstarch, ginger, rice wine. Mix well.
Name:"Asian Pan Seared Steak Rolls Recipe"	Recipe:Freeze steak for 30 minutes until partially frozen. Slid each piece of meat to 1/8 inch thick. If using thin sliced sirloin, skip this step.
Name:"Long Life Fertility Noodles Recipe with Happy Shrimp"	Recipe:Bring a stockpot of water to boil. Add 1 tsp of salt to water and cook thin spaghetti, according to package directions. Drain. While pasta is cooking, place shrimp in a small bowl and add the remaining 1/2 teaspoon of salt and the cornstarch. Mix well and let sit for 8 minutes. Rinse the shrimp well, washing off the salt and cornstarch. Pat very dry with paper towels.
Name:"Vietnamese Summer Rolls with Cashew Butter Dipping Sauce"	Recipe:In a medium sized bowl, whisk together the fish sauce, lemongrass, pepper and sugar. Add the shrimp and stir to coat. Marinate shrimp for 10 minutes. In meantime, boil a pot of water. Add vermicelli and cook for 4 minutes. Drain immediately, rinse with cold water, and drain again. Try to remove as much water as possible. Set aside.
Name:"An Ode to Spam in the Style of Seuss"	Recipe:1. Heat cooking oil in large pan over medium high heat. When oil is hot, add eggs and gently stir to cook eggs. When eggs are about 80% cooked through (still a little runny), remove from pan and set aside. Wipe pan clean.
Name:"Roasted Garlic Shrimp Recipe"	Recipe:Preheat oven to 400F.Wash and carefully cut through shell to devein the shrimp while leaving the shell on. The easiest way to do this is with sharp, pointy kitchen shears. Just cut through the shell, following the back of shrimp. Devein.Heat a medium frying pan, over medium-high heat with the butter and olive oil. When hot but not smoking, add the shallots, garlic, rosemary, thyme, red pepper and salt. Saute for 1 minute or so, until fragrant.Add wine and bring to simmer. Turn heat off and toss in the shrimp to coat. Immediately spread out the shrimp in single layer on baking sheet. Roast in oven for 6-8 minutes, or until shrimp is cooked through. Timing will depend on the size of shrimp, check after 8 minutes. Toss with chopped parsley. Serve with bread to soak up the juices.
Name:"Roast Chicken with Sweet Plum Sauce"	Recipe:Rinse chicken and cut away extra fat. Pat dry with paper towels inside and out. Place in shallow baking dish and rub softened butter all over chicken, tucking just a bit under the skin of breast. Season generously with salt and pepper outside and inside cavity. Stuff with garlic and lemon. Tie legs of the chicken together, slather sweet plum sauce all over chicken. Set breast side down. Let sit 30 minutes at room temperature. Preheat oven to 450F. Roast chicken 20 minutes. Turn breast side up, lower temperature to 375F and return to oven. Continue to roast another 60-70 minutes, brushing with additional sweet plum sauce towards the end. You may have to loosely tent with tin foil if skin is approaching maximum crispiness (i.e. don’t burn the skin.) Chicken is done when juices run clear as knife tip is inserted into chicken thigh. Thickest part of thigh without touching bone should register 170F. Let chicken rest 10 minutes before carving. Serve with a side of sweet plum sauce for dipping.
Name:"Chinese Steamed Spareribs with Black Bean Sauce"	Recipe:Cut between each sparerib to separate each rib tip. In a large bowl, combine the rest of the ingredients. Add in the ribs and toss well to coat the spareribs evenly.Transfer spareribs and sauce into a shallow, heatproof pan that will fit inside your wok (a pie plate or 9” cake pan works great.)Set steaming rack inside of wok and fill with water almost up to height of rack. Turn heat to high and when water is boiling, turn heat to medium-high. Set pan with spareribs on top of a steaming rack in wok. Steam on med-high heat for 18-20 minutes until ribs are no longer pink. Make sure that when you are steaming that you don't run out of water in the wok. Replenish with additional water, if needed.
Name:Seafood Linguini With White Wine Sauce	Recipe:Cook linguini according to package directions. In a large skillet over medium heat, warm the olive oil. Add garlic and crushed red pepper and cook for a couple minutes until fragrant. Melt a couple tablespoons of the butter into the olive oil and garlic, and add the shrimp. Add the white wine and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for another 3-5 minutes until wine reduces. Add scallops, remaining 1 tbsp of butter and lemon zest. Cook sea scallops for another couple minutes until just warmed through. Season with salt and pepper to taste. When pasta is cooked , drain and add to a large serving bowl. Top linguini with the seafood and white wine and sprinkle with the chopped parsley. I like to let the pasta sit for a bit covered in foil to absorb some of the sauce before serving.
Name:Seafood Pasta Sauce	Recipe:Cook onions and garlic in butter and oil. Set shrimps and scallops aside. Add rest of ingredients and simmer about 5 minutes. Add shrimps and scallops and cook 5 minutes. Thicken with 2 Tbsp cornstarch and 3 tbsp water. Cook linguini and toss with 1/4 cup no fat sour cream. Add seafood sauce to pasta and serve. Offer some freshly grated parmesan cheese and crushed pepper.
Name:Creamy Seafood Casserole (Low Carb)	Recipe:Heat cream in a saucepan, but do not boil. Add all other ingredients, except for fish and shrimp. Melt thoroughly. Put fish in a 9x13-inch baking dish and then shrimp. Pour sauce over top and bake at 350°F for 30 minutes, or until done.
Name:Elegant Seafood Bisque	Recipe:Sauté minced shallots in butter until soft. Add the flour and stir with whisk for 5 minutes on low heat, set aside. Bring one quart of water to a boil and add chicken base, clams, crab, shrimp and whole pieces of salmon and cod. Return to boil, lower heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Strain the stock, reserving the seafood. Stir the shallot mixture into the stock. Add the heavy cream and half and half to the stock, bring to a simmer on low heat and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Chunk the salmon and cod and add all of the seafood back into the soup pot. Add the sherry and heat through, no more than 3 minutes.
Name:Easy Lemon Butter Sauce for Fish and Seafood	Recipe:Melt butter in warm (not hot!) pan. Add lemon juice to the butter and warm briefly. Add Worcestershire sauce and pepper to taste. Spoon sauce over trout or other fish, sprinkle with parsley and serve.
Name:Seafood Nachos	Recipe:Mix crab, shrimp, sour cream, chilis, chili powder, cumin and salt. Cover bottom and sides of a 13x9 dish with tortilla chips. Cover chips with seafood mixture and top with salsa, cheese, olives and scallions. Bake at 350 degrees for 16 minutes or until heated through and cheese is melted. Serve hot.
Name:Creamy Lemon Butter Sauce for Fish and Seafood	Recipe:In small saucepan, heat wine and shallot. Bring to a boil and reduce over medium-high heat until only 2 tablespoons of liquid remain. Reduce heat to low and whisk in butter, a few pieces at a time, until sauce is smooth and all the butter is incorporated. Whisk in cream and lemon juice. Keep warm in the top of a double boiler set over hot water until serving time.
Name:Bow Tie Seafood Salad	Recipe:Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and rinse in cold water. Place in a large bowl and add the crab, shrimp, celery, onions and green pepper. In another bowl, whisk the mayonnaise, pickle relish, mustard, salt, dill and pepper. Pour over pasta mixture and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving.
Name:Seafood Newburg	Recipe:Saute shrimp, scallops and lobster in butter. Add paprika. Move seafood to a crock pot set on low or warming dish. Add sherry to hot sauté pan and boil hard to de-glaze the pan. Add sherry and pan bits to seafood. In a saucepan (over medium heat) cook flour and butter and whisk until well blended and bubbly. Slowly whisk in milk pouring in a half cup at a time. Add cream slowly, whisking continuously until mixture thickens. About 3-5 minutes. (Cook longer for a thicker sauce or add water to thin it out. Use your own personal preference.) Season with salt and Cayenne pepper. Pour over warmed seafood and stir. Serve with linguini, saltine or common crackers or toast.
Name:Seafood Lasagna	Recipe:Heat butter in a large saucepan over low heat until melted. Add garlic. Stir in flour and salt. Cook,stirring constantly until bubbly. Remove from heat. Stir in milk, broth and white wine. Return to stove and heat to boiling, stirring constantly. Boil for 1 minute. Add mozzarella cheese,onions, basil and pepper. Cook over low heat until cheese is melted, stirring constantly. Spread about 1 1/2 cups of the sauce in an ungreased 9X13 pan. Top with UNCOOKED lasagna noodles, overlapping as needed. Spread the cottage cheese over the noodles. Spread with another 1 1/2 cups of sauce and then top with another 5 lasagna noodles. Spread seafood over this layer and top with another 1 1/2 cups of sauce. Cover with the last 5 lasagna noodles and top with all of the remaining sauce. If desired, top with 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese. Bake, uncovered at 350~F for 35 - 45 minutes or until the noodles are tender. Let stand for 15 minutes before cutting. Hope you love this as much as we do!!!
Name:Seafood Pizza	Recipe:Saute garlic in olive oil for several minutes. Add shrimp and crabmeat, mixing well with garlic and olive oil. Add parsley. Sprinkle 1/2 cup mozzarella on pizza crust. Place crab/shrimp mixture on crust. Cover with remaining cheeses. Bake according to your pizza crust directions (typically, bake pizza until crust is golden brown and cheese is melted and bubbling, about 15 minutes). Cut and serve with cocktail sauce.
Name:Seasoning Mixture for Fish \u0026 Seafood	Recipe:Combine ingredients. store in a tightly covered jar.
Name:Oven Baked Seafood Chowder #5FIX	Recipe:1.	Place oven rack in center position and preheat oven to 400 degrees. 2.	 Mix potatoes and Alfredo sauce in a 3 quart oven safe casserole dish, then spread them evenly on the bottom on dish. Bake 20 minutes. 3.	Stir potatoes carefully with spatula without breaking. 4.	Fold seafood flakes in with potatoes. 5.	Pour buttermilk on top. 6.	Bake 15 additional minutes (20 in mountains) stirring gently occasionally.
Name:Seafood Lasagna	Recipe:In a large skillet, saute onion in oil and 2 tablespoons butter for about a minute.Stir in broth and clam juice and bring to a boil. Add the uncooked scallops, uncooked shrimp, 1/8 teaspoon pepper, and 1/8 teaspoon garlic salt and return to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered 4-5 minutes until the seafood is cooked, stirring every now and then. Drain the mixture, reserving the cooking liquid. Mix the drained shrimp and scallops with the imitation crab and set aside. In the same skillet as before, melt the remaining butter. Stir in flour until smooth. Combine milk and reserved cooking liquid and then gradually add to the butter/flour mixture. Add salt and remaining pepper. Bring to a boil and then cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened. Remove the heat and stir in the whipping cream and 1/4 cup of the Parmesan cheese. Stir 3/4 cup of the white sauce into the reserved seafood mixture. Spread 1/2 cup white sauce on the bottom of a 13 x 9 x 2-in baking dish. Top with three noodles. Spread with half the seafood mixture. Top with 1 1/4 cups of the sauce. Repeat with another noodle, seafood, and sauce layer. Top with remaining noodles, sauce, and Parmesan cheese. Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes or until top is golden brown. Let stand for 15 minutes before serving.
Name:Pasta Seafood Salad	Recipe:Marinate shrimp, onion, celery, salt and lemon pepper in the Italian dressing in a large salad bowl. Cook the pasta in boiling water, to which a dollop of cooking oil has been added, for 3 to 4 minutes. Rinse with cold water to stop the cooking. Toss together the pasta and marinate mixture. Add mayonnaise, lemon juice and Parmesan cheese. Toss salad; sprinkle more cheese on top. Enjoy!
Name:Seafood Soup With Ginger Broth	Recipe:Heat oil in large saucepan or Dutch oven. Add garlic, ginger, lemon peel and hot pepper flakes. Cook gently until very fragrant. Add broth, soy sauce and lemon juice and bring to boil. Add carrots. Reduce heat and simmer gently for 15 minutes. Add scallops, shrimp, sesame oil and green onions, Cook for just a few minutes, or until seafood is barely cooked. Serve sprinkled with cilantro.
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Finely chop celery and peel and finely chop carrots, onions and potatoes. Boil in veg broth and water until tender. Melt butter, mix with flour and add paste to vegetables & broth. Add whipping cream and pepper seasoning and bring to boil. Add shrimp, scallops and crab. Bring to boil to heat seafood. Serve.
Name:Seafood Dinner	Recipe:Heat olive oil and butter over medium heat. Cut fish into large chunks and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste and brown lightly in oil and butter (about 1 minute per side). Remove fish from pan and set aside. Add wine (careful to keep wine from direct heat while pouring into pan) and deglaze pan. Stir in jar of salsa and chicken broth. Let broth simmer over medium heat until liquid begins to bubble. Add scallops and shrimp to broth, stir gently, cover, and let simmer for 10 minutes. Cut lemon in half, squeeze juice into pan. Add fish back to pan and gently stir. Replace cover and simmer another 6-7 minutes. Serve in large bowls with crunchy bread and enjoy!
Name:Seafood Lasagna Rollups	Recipe:Combine all the ingredients except the lasagna noodles and the pasta sauce. Mix well. Spread 1/3 cup on each noodle and roll jelly roll style. Place, seam side down in an 8" oven proof dish. Pour the pasta sauce over the roll ups and bake, lightly covered, for 25 minutes in 350F oven OR Cover with wax paper and microwave on high for 7 minutes.
Name:Seafood Enchiladas	Recipe:To toast walnuts, place in a shallow baking pan. Bake at 350*F (175*C) for 15 to 20 minutes or until walnuts are lightly browned, stirring occasionally. Cool. In large skillet, saute onions in butter until they become transparent. Remove from heat and add chilies, crab, shrimp, walnuts, and olives. Combine cheeses, reserving 1 1/2 cups of the cheese mixture for top of casserole. Stir remaining cheese into seafood mixture. In medium skillet, heat 1/4 inch oil. Fry tortillas, one a time, just long enough to soften, about 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Fill each tortilla with seafood filling, roll up and place seam side down in a lightly greased 13 x 9 x 2-inch baking dish. In medium saucepan, combine the half and half, sour cream, butter, oregano, salt and garlic powder, stirring constantly over medium heat until lukewarm and well blended. Remove from heat and pour sauce over enchiladas. Sprinkle enchiladas with reserved cheese. Bake at 350*F (175*C) for 30 minutes or until bubbly. Allow to set 5 minutes before serving.
Name:Real Cajun Seafood Gumbo (From a Louisianian)	Recipe:In a 7-quart cast iron dutch oven, heat oil over medium-high heat. Sprinkle in flour and, using a wire whisk, stir constantly until brown roux is achieved. Do not allow roux to scorch. Should black specks appear in roux, discard and begin again. Once roux is golden brown, add onions, celery, bell pepper and garlic. Sauté approximately 3-5 minutes or until vegetables are wilted. Add andouille, blend well into vegetable mixture and sauté an additional 2-3 minutes. Add claw crabmeat and stir into roux. This will begin to add seafood flavor to the mixture. Slowly add hot shellfish stock, one ladle at a time, stirring constantly until all is incorporated. Bring to a low boil, reduce to simmer and cook approximately 30 minutes. Add additional stock if necessary to retain volume. Add green onions and parsley. Season to taste using salt, pepper and Louisiana Gold. Fold shrimp, lump crab meat, oysters and reserved oyster liquid into soup. Return to a low boil and cook approximately 5 minutes. Adjust seasonings and serve over cooked rice.
Name:Seafood Cocktail Sauce	Recipe:Combine all ingredients and chill. Serve with cold shrimps or other seafood.
Name:Seafood Lasagna	Recipe:Heat margarine in 3-quart saucepan over low heat until melted; add garlic. Stir in flour, salt, and pepper; cook, stirring constantly until bubbly. Stir in milk and broth and heat to boiling, stirring constantly, 1 minute. Stir in mozzarella, onions, basil, and oregano. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until cheese is melted. Spread 1/4 of the cheese sauce (about 1 c.) in 13x9-inch baking dish. Top with 3 or 4 uncooked noodles. Spread cottage cheese over noodles. Repeat with 1/4 of cheese sauce, then 3 or 4 noodles. Top with crabmeat, shrimp, 1/4 of cheese sauce, remaining noodles and cheese sauce. Sprinkle with parmesan cheese. Bake, uncovered, in 350 degree oven until noodles are done, 35-40 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Name:Maine Seafood Stuffing	Recipe:Cook seafood in 1 cup boiling salted water. Cook until 3/4 done. Strain seafood out of water. Add bread crumbs and Ritz crackers, and cover until liquid is absorbed. In another skillet, caramelize peppers, celery and onion, then add to bread-Ritz mixture. Add the eggs and melted butter. Stir in seafood and 1/4 cup sherry or white wine. Cover, and let stand 15 minutes. Now you're ready to stuff your turkey the Down East way.
Name:Super Easy Seafood Soup of Necessity	Recipe:Defrost seafood mix. Drain. Separate the squid from the rest of it. Put olive oil in pot; heat over medium. Chop onion and mince garlic. Add to oil. Saute, stirring, until onion starts to get translucent. Do not let the garlic or onions brown. Add the tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken broth, oregano, thyme, bay leaf, sugar, pepper and Worcesterwhire. Bring to a boil, then lower heat to a simmer. Cook, covered, for 20 minutes. Remove lid. Put in seafood mix (all except squid). Simmer 3 minutes. Add squid and simmer 1 or 2 more minutes. Seafood should be opaque; nothing should be translucent.
Name:Seafood Mix over Angel Hair Pasta	Recipe:In a pot melt butter and add flour stir to blend add milk, 1/2 old bay, and nutmeg stir and simmer till thickened. Season seafood with old bay set aside. In a hot large pan place oil, add red onion cook still softened add garlic, snow peas, shrimp, lobster cook stirring till seafood turns pink add crab meat, and (add more oil or butter if needed) parsley and salt and pepper and sauce. Stir pasta into seafood mixture and garnish with parsley leaves.
Name:Creamy Delicious Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Peel and devien shrimp. Set aside. Coat a dutch oven with cooking spray; add oil, and place over medium high heat until hot. Add onion, celery, red pepper, and garlic. Cook until tender. Add flour and cook, stirring contatnly, one minute. Gradually add in chicken broth, water and next 5 ingredients. Bring to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer uncovered, stirring often for 20 minutes or until the potatoes are tender. Stir in milk, corn and hot sauce. Return to a boil. Add shrimp and crabmeat; cook 5 minutes or until shrimp turn pink, stirring constantly. Remove and discard bay leaves.
Name:Seafood Pasta Salad	Recipe:Cook noodles as directed on package, then drain and cool them. Add onions, celery, green pepper, shrimp and imitation crabmeat and mix together well. Mix mayonnaise and French dressing together, then stir into mixture. Add Old Bay seasoning, parsley flakes, salt and pepper and stir well. Best if made ahead of time and refrigerated several hours or overnight.
Name:Seafood Gumbo - New Orleans Style	Recipe:In a large, heavy-bottomed pan, over medium heat, heat oil until hot. Add flour, whisking constantly. As roux turns from sand colour to light brown to caramel colour, turn down heat. Continue cooking and whisking constantly until roux is a dark brown colour. Increase heat to medium and add garlic, yellow onions, celery and bell peppers to roux. Cook 10 minutes. Add oregano, thyme and cayenne. Add clam juice, water, green onions and parsley, stirring until combined; bring to a gentle boil; Reduce heat to low, and simmer. Add white fish and shrimp, cook for 10 minutes. Add salt, pepper and Tabasco. Reduce heat to extremely low and simmer covered, for 1 hour- stirring frequently to prevent flour from burning. Remove from heat and serve over white rice.
Name:Stuffed Avocados With Seafood	Recipe:In a bowl combine seafood, mayonnaise, catsup, lemon juice, worcestershire, peas, salt, and pepper. Peel avocados, divide lengthwise and sprinkle with a dash of lemon juice. Fill stuffing in the avocado cavity. Garnish with chopped chives and red pepper.
Name:Seafood Newburg	Recipe:Poach the seafood in water and white wine being careful not to overcook. Remove from pan and drain. Reserve a little for garnish Make sauce: Saute onions in butter making sure not to brown them-gradually add flour stirring well after each addition. Add the cream and soup. Cook until thick and creamy stirring continuously. Add Worcestershire sauce, sherry, lemon juice, salt, white pepper, nutmeg and paprika. Keep stirring. Add all seafood except the crab meat and carefully blend into the sauce- gently stir in the crab.Serve over rice, noodles or puff pastry shells. Garnish with some cooked shrimp or lobster pieces. Sprinkle a little fresh chopped parsley over. This serves about 12 for appetizers or 6 for entree..
Name:Cioppino (Seafood Soup) With Fennel and Garlic	Recipe:In a large, heavy saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium-low heat. Add the chopped fennel, onion, shallots, and garlic and sauté for 4 to 5 minutes, until golden brown. Stir in the wine, then the tomatoes, parsley, red pepper flakes, clam juice, and water. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat, then decrease the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. Add the butter and stir to melt, then remove from heat. In a large cast iron skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat and toss on the mussels and clams. Cook for 4 minutes. As the mussels and clams begin to open, add the fish, calamari, and shrimp, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sauté for 2 to 3 minutes, until the shrimp turn pink. Discard any mussels or clams that don't open. Add 1 cup of the tomato mixture and simmer for 5 minutes. Transfer the contents of the skillet to the saucepan with the remaining tomato mixture and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Ladle into soup bowls. Sprinkle with the basil, garnish with the fennel fronds, and serve immediately.
Name:Copycat Olive Garden Seafood Portofino	Recipe:PORTOFINO SAUCE: Start by getting your ingredients ready. Dice the onion. *Make the roux (heat vegetable oil on medium/high, add flour, stir continuously until oil flour mixture browns). The amount of oil is about equal to the amount of roux required by the recipe. For instance, the original recipe calls for 2 oz of roux. So 4 tbsp oil and 4 tbsp white flour. Set aside. Melt Butter on medium heat. Add diced onion and garlic, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Add white wine. Turn up heat to high until boiling then back down to medium. Cook 5 minutes on medium. Stir in roux, shrimp stock, and Old Bay Seasoning. Cook 3 minutes. Add milk and heavy cream. Turn heat on high just until mixture starts to boil. Turn to medium/low, cover, and stir occasionally for 5 minutes. The sauce is now ready! It can be store for up to one week in the regrigerator. Seafood Portofino: Heat oil in saute pan over medium flame. Put mushrooms inches Cook 2 minutes. Add mussels, and cook 30 seconds. Add shrimp, crawfish, and scallops. Cook until heated through, stirring. Add portofino sauce; cook until bubbling throughout. Move mushrooms and seafood to one side of pan. Add linguine to other side. Using tongs,coat pasta with sauce. (mussels should be open).
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Cut crab and fish fillet into bite-sized pieces. Spray a large soup pot with nonstick cooking spray add the oil. Add bacon, celery and onion; cook until bacon is browned and onions are tender; over med-low heat. Add chicken broth, juice from the clams, bottled clam juice, potatoes, carrots, tomatoes and pepper. Cover; and simmer about 35 minutes or until potatoes are cooked. Add clams, shrimp, crab and fish fillet. Heat until fish is cooked about 3 minutes, add cornstarch to water and blend well, stir into chowder; cook and stir to thicken. You may need to add additional cornstarch and water to get the desired thickness. Serve. Use your favorite combination of fish, mussels ect. Try to keep the total weight of seafood to 1 lb.
Name:Ruby Tuesday\u0027s New Orleans Seafood - Copycat	Recipe:Preheat oven to 425*. Wash and dry tilapia fillets, spread with olive oil and creole seasoning, to your taste; Place in well oiled baking pan, bake for 8-10 minutes, until just white. While fish is baking, warm alfredo in a small saucepan. In a fry pan, melt 3 tbs butter, add minced garlic and cleaned, prepared shrimp, saute for about 5 minutes. When fish is ready, remove pan from oven; (OPTIONAL) You can put under the broiler for about a minute. Carefully remove fillets to plates, top with cooked shrimp and 1/4 cup of alfredo sauce; (OPTIONAL) Sprinkle with grated, parmesan cheese and a dusting more of creole seasoning.
Name:Seafood in Lemon Cream Sauce	Recipe:Shell and devein prawns (leave tails intact if you prefer, we don't). Into a medium bowl combine prawns, scallops, oil and garlic. Cook seafood on a heated oiled grill plate (or grill on the barbecue) until changed in colour, remove and keep warm. Boil, steam or microwave asparagus and sugar snap peas, separately until tender; drain and cover to keep warm. Simmer juice and wine in a small saucepan, uncovered, about 1 minute or until reduced by half. Add cream and bring to the boil, reduce the heat and simmer uncovered for 2 minutes. Add seafood and simmer uncovered until hot. Serve seafood with vegetables and garnish with the parsley.
Name:Seafood (Crab, Shrimp and Lobster) Boil and How to Open and Eat	Recipe:In a very large outdoor boiler/fryer or in a very large pot heat first 9 ingredients. Using half the water and adding as you need it so food is completely submerged with an extra 2-4 inches to cover. When it comes to a boil lower heat to medium high and add sausages cook 3 minutes add potatoes cook for 8 minutes add corn and Dungeness crabs cook for 4 minutes and follow with rest of the crabs cooking for 7 minutes. There should be enough water so that the crab is completely submerged. Strain into a large pot or bowl set aside and cover. If needed add more beer or water into the cooking liquid. Add lobster into pot and cook for 5 minutes. Add clams for 1 minute add shrimp for 3-4 minutes, toss. Dump and Serve on table covered with brown paper with melted butter, lemon, salt, and cocktail sauce. Open a lobster-- To open a boiled or steamed lobster. Break off large claws; separate tail from body; take body from shell, leaving "lady" or stomach on shell. Put aside green fat and coral; remove small claws; remove woolly gills from body, break later through middle and pick out meat joints. Cut with very sharp scissors through length of underside of tail, draw meat from shell,yum. Draw back flesh on upper end and pull off intestinal cord. Break edge of large claws and remove meat. Enjoy! For the Crab--. Twist off the legs and claws, take the mallet, and have fun gigging out the meat with forks or picks. Pry off the crabs "apron," the small flap on the underside, and discard it. Next, with the crab upside down, press down on one side of the top shell and pull up on the center and leg sections with the other hand until they come apart, discard top shell. Also, discard the intestine, which runs down the center of the back. Remove the gills (NOT EDIBLE) from each side and discard. The greenish yellow "mustard." Of course, it's not really mustard (it is the crustacean's equivalent of a liver). Many do eat it, but probably as many just toss it. The "crab butter" (the yellow, mushy stuff in the cavity. Is consider a delicacy and there are recipes that call for them. So, set them aside if you like. If not discard. Snap crab body in half. The edges where the two halves have broken open are where you'll find the biggest chunks of crabmeat. Pull it out with your fingers. As you dig deeper into the body closer to the leg openings, a knife or pick comes in handy. There are smaller cavities here, which should not be overlooked. To Crack claws either use a mallet or a nutcracker. A mallet is fairly self-explanatory but look out for flying bits of shell and juice. Before you roll up the mess in the paper, carefully check that no utensils or, even worse, a stray uneaten claw gets thrown away by accident. Be sure to put the garbage bags in tightly sealed cans to keep animals out. Even if you wash your hands thoroughly with soap the smell of crabs and Old Bay may linger for a day. Rubbing lemon juice mixed with baking soda on your hands will remove this odor.
Name:Greek Marinade for Shrimp/Seafood	Recipe:Mix all ingredients together and then pour over shrimp (seafood of choice), and allow to marinade at least 1/2 hour.
Name:Greek Salmon and Seafood Skewers	Recipe:In a large glass dish not too deep, mix oil, garlic, thyme, salt, pepper and marjoram. Add salmon, bell pepper, shrimp and scallops and mix to coat well. Cover the dish with saran wrap and let marinate 15 to 30 minutes in the fridge. On 8 metal skewers or 8 wood skewers previously soaked in water, thread salmon cubes alternating with the bell pepper, shrimps and scallops. Set the barbecue to medium heat. Put seafood skewers on an oiled grill of the bbq and close the cover. Cook 6 to 8 minutes or until salmon flakes easily with a fork (flip the skewers at mid-cooking and baste with marinade). Serve the skewers with lemon quarters.
Name:Spicy Grilling Marinade for Chicken and Seafood	Recipe:Combine ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Could optionally be machine blended. You're done. Marinade can be kept covered in the fridge for up to 3 days.
Name:Seafood Salad	Recipe:Mix everything together and chill.
Name:Baked Seafood Salad	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°F. Flake crab meat, removing bits of membrane. Combine crab meat, shrimp, green pepper, onion, celery and mayonnaise. Add salt, pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Place in individual; shells or in shallow baking dish like a pie plate. Top with bread crumbs, dot with butter. Bake for 30 minutes. Sprinkle with paprika and serve with lemon wedges.
Name:Mexican Seafood Cocktail	Recipe:Stir together Clamato juice, ketchup, lime juice, hot sauce, salt, onion, and cilantro in a large bowl, then gently stir in avocado, crabmeat, and shrimp. Spoon into 6-or 8-ounce glasses or cups.
Name:Wonderful Seafood Stew	Recipe:Thaw fish and shrimp, if frozen. Rinse fish and shrimp; pat dry. Cut the fish into 1-inch pieces. Cover and chill fish pieces and shrimp until needed. In a large saucepan heat olive oil over medium-high heat. Cook and stir onion, carrot, sweet pepper, and garlic in hot oil until tender. Stir in the undrained tomatoes, tomato sauce, chicken broth, wine or chicken broth, bay leaves, dried thyme (if using), Cajun seasoning, cumin, and if desired, crushed red pepper. Bring the mixture to boiling; reduce heat. Simmer, covered, for 20 minutes. Gently stir in the fish pieces, shrimp, and fresh thyme (if using). Cover and simmer about 5 minutes more or until the fish flakes easily when tested with a fork and shrimp are opaque. Remove the bay leaves before serving.
Name:Ultimate Time-Consuming Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:STOCK: Bake shrimp shells at 375 degrees F until dried and starting to brown on edges. About 15 to 20 minutes. Put everything into an 8-quart pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook 5 hours, uncovered. When stock is cooled, drain all liquid from the vegetables (I squeezed by hand), then discard all solids. GUMBO: Combine the cayenne, white and black peppers, paprika, thyme, oregano, bay leaf and salt in small bowl. In a heavy pot, 6 quart or larger, heat oil over medium heat until hot. Add onions, celery, and green bell peppers. Turn heat to high, stirring frequently. Add garlic, file powder, and the pepper-herb mixture. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add tomato sauce and stock, bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add okra and sausage and simmer for 30 more minutes, stirring occasionally. When ready to serve, add all seafood and cook for 3 minutes. Turn off heat, and let stand for 10 minutes, covered. Serve over long-grain rice.
Name:Creamy Seafood and Mushroom Pasta	Recipe:Slice the mushrooms. Mince the garlic. Cook the pasta until al dente. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water. Set aside. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp and cook until just pink, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the mushrooms to the oil in the pan. Saute about 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Add the wine and cook until about half is absorbed, stirring and scraping browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Return the shrimp to the skillet and add the crabmeat and cream. Simmer about 2 minutes until sauce thickens slightly. Add lemon zest and juice, rosemary, and salt and pepper. Stir in the butter until melted. Add the penne to the skillet and heat through, adding some of the reserved pasta water if needed to keep everything moist. Remove from heat. Serve immediately garnished with parmesan cheese.
Name:San Francisco Seafood Quiche	Recipe:Combine crabmeat,shrimp,cheese,green onions, and celery. In another bowl, combine mayonnaise,flour,wine, and eggs. Mix all ingredients together well, and divide the mixture between the two pie shells. Bake pies in a 350°F preheated oven for 35-40 minutes or until a knife inserted into the middle comes out clean. Quiches may be frozen before baking; bake frozen quiche in 350°Foven for 50 minutes. Leftover quiche may be heated in a 300°F oven for 15 minutes.
Name:Spring Seafood Stew	Recipe:Heat oil in a large Dutch oven coated with cooking spray over medium heat. Add leek and garlic, cook 4 minutes or until tender, stirring occasionally. Add wine and broth, bring to a simmer; stir in shrimp and scallops; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, simmer 3 minutes or until shrimp and scallops are done. Remove shrimp and scallops from pan with a slotted spoon, keep warm. Bring broth mixture to a boil; cook 4 minutes; reduce heat to low Add butter, stirring constantly with a whisk. Stir in chopped tomato and remaining ingredients. Divide shrimp and scallops evenly among 4 soup bowls, spoon 3/4 cup broth mixture into each bowl.
Name:seafood fritters	Recipe:whisk first 4 ingredients in a large bowl. make a well in the center. add eggs, scallions, scallops, shrimp, red onion, clam juice, ale and jalapeno, stir well to blend preheat oven to 250. pour oil into skillet to reach 1 inch, heat over medium-hi. working in batches drop batter by heaping spoonfuls into oil, fry about 3 minutes per side remove to a paper towel lined pan and keep warm in oven. serve with lemon wedges and tartar sauce.
Name:Seafood Cocktail Sauce	Recipe:Whip cream lightly. Combine remaining ingredients, then fold whipped cream through the sauce gently.
Name:Seafood Surprise Dip	Recipe:Mix cream cheese, sour cream and mayonnaise and spread over 12" pan or plate. Scatter shrimp/crab over cheese mixture, add seafood sauce, then remaining ingredients. Chill until ready to serve.
Name:Honduran Coconut Seafood Soup (Sopa Catratcha De Mariscos Con Un	Recipe:Clean crabs front and back (take off hair and cut the tips of the legs). (Don’t forget!) to whack the crabs really hard with a rock or hammer before you put them in the pot (so that they can soak up the flavor more). Put crabs in large stock pot with the margarine. Add green peppers, tomatoes, and onions, one cube of chicken bullion, cilantro, parsley, and some spices all over low heat. Mix and move the crabs. Next, put some hot water (about one-third to one-half the size of your pot) and some salt. Keep mixing. Add the shrimp bullion, another cube of chicken bullion, and the Worcestershire Sauce. Put the achiote powder in for color. Peel and cut the chayotes into slices and then 6 times into chunks. Don't forget to take the seed out of the middle. Add the chayotes to soup. Peel and cut into round pieces the three yuccas (you have to cut the hairy and red part, and then peel it until you completely remove the casing.) Add to the soup. Wash the plantain skins, then cut the plantains into 5 chunks each. (You can add the plantains with the skin on or removed.) Add to the soup. Let boil until vegetables cooked. When pataste ready add fish and shrimp. Add coconut milk, sugar and conch (If you have it!). Finally, allow the soup to simmer for at least 20 minutes. My friend always told me that after adding the coconut milk to not to look at the soup until you serve it. You can serve it with lime, avocado, rice. Enjoy with tortillas.
Name:Seafood Cream Cheese Quiche	Recipe:Set oven to 425F degrees. In a saute pan, melt the butter, and saute the onion and the celery, until soft. Add in the shrimp, cook until the shrimp are pink in colour; set aside. Divide the cream cheese in half, and cut the cream cheese into 1/4 inch pieces; sprinkle evenly into the bottom of the two pie crusts. Top with the sauteed shrimp/onion mixture. Top with the grated Swiss cheese. Mix together the milk and eggs; divide evenly between the two pie crusts. Bake for 10 minutes at 425F degrees. Reduce the temperature to 350F degrees, bake for 30 minutes more.
Name:Elizabeth\u0027s Brazilian Seafood Stew	Recipe:Toss together shrimp, scallops, fish ,garlic, lemon juice, 1/2 tsp salt. and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate 20 minutes. In blender puree canned tomatoes with juices, 1/2 of cilantro, onions, jalapeno and 1/4 c lime juice. Set aside. In a heavy dutch oven, heat oil.Add red and green pepper and red pepper flakes. Saute mixture until softened about 8 minutes. Add remaining cilantro, ginger, cayenne, and remaining salt and cook, stirring for about 1 minute. Add puree tomatoes and bring to boil. Cook low for 15 minutes until sauce thickens. Add tomato paste, stir. Increase heat to medium and add coconut milk. Heat until boiling. Add seafood mixture, with juices to pot and bring to a boil. Cook 5 minutes. Stir in remaining cilantro and stir. Add more lime juice, salt, pepper if desired. Serve immediately. May serve over rice. This recipes ingredients blend well over night, refrigerated and is even better flavor next day!
Name:Delicious Grilled Seafood	Recipe:Note: I typically do this recipe with just shrimp (I try to use big ones), but a combination of shrimp and scallops looks very attractive on the skewers. First, marinate seafood: in a mixing bowl, combine soy, lime juice, sugar, oil, ketchup, garlic and spices. Place shrimp and/or scallops in a glass dish or in a heavy resealable bag and cover with all the marinade. Cover/seal tightly and refrigerate for one hour. Remove seafood from marinade after one hour and thread onto skewers (if using wooden ones, you'll need to soak them in cold water for about 30 minutes before using to ensure they won't burn). Over a medium-hot grill, cook until seafood is done; this won't take long, only about 3 or 4 minutes per side. I have never broiled them, but I'm sure that would work well, too. Use reserved marinade to baste skewered seafood while it cooks.
Name:Quick\u0027n\u0027Easy Seafood Tarts	Recipe:Preheat oven to 375F; arrange tart shells on a baking sheet. Into each shell, place 2 tsp of your favourite seafood; this recipe will also work with chopped ham, chopped asparagus etc, so use your imagination! In a small bowl, whisk together the cream, egg and mustard; I like to also add the fresh dill because I like its taste, but leave it out or substitute if you don't want dill. Distribute cream mixture evenly among the tarts and then bake for 12 to 14 minutes, until golden and"custard" is set. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Name:Italian Crab Seafood Pasta Salad	Recipe:Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling, salted water until al dente, 10 to 12 minutes. Rinse, drain and set aside. Pick through crab discarding any pieces of shells. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the crab, mayonnaise, buttermilk, onions, lemon juice, onion powder, garlic powder Old bay, parsley and pepper to taste. Add the pasta shells and mix again. Cover and chill overnight. Serve on lettuce leaves.
Name:Pasta Seafood Salad	Recipe:Bring a large pot of salted water to boil, drop in the shrimp and scallops, cook for one minute, and drain immediately. Bring another large pot of salted water to boil. Cook the pasta as directed on the package, until tender but not mushy. Drain. Toss the cooked pasta and seafood in a large bowl (make sure they are both well drained). Add the peas (no need to cook them), red pepper, and onion, and toss. Place dressing ingredients (olive oil, basil leaves, lemon juice, salt, and pepper) in a food processor bowl fitted with a metal blade. Process until basil is very fine. Pour over the pasta/seafood mixture and mix well. Taste and add salt, pepper, and/or lemon juice as necessary. Place the salad in a serving bowl or mound it on a platter. Scatter with greek olives. Serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate. Salad tastes better when at room temperature, so if refrigerating until later, be sure to take it out of the fridge for 30 minutes before serving.
Name:Seafood au Gratin	Recipe:Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large non stick saucepan over medium high heat. Add mushrooms and onion; cook and stir until tender. Add shrimp, scallops, wine and thyme to the pan. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer 2 minutes or unti seafood is cooked. Drain, reserving 1 cup broth. Set seafood mixture aside. Melt 2 tablespoon more butter in the same pan. Remove from heat and blend in flour; gradually stir in reserved broth and milk. Cook and stir over medium high heat until mixture boils and thickens. Remove from heat, add 1 cup of Canadian old cheddar and stir until melted. Fold in cooked seafood mixture. Add salt and pepper to taste. Pour into oven proof casserole, sprinkle sourdough over top and sprinkle with remaining Canadian old cheddar. Set under broiler in oven about 6 inches from heat, broil until sourdough is browned and cheese is melted, about 10 minutes.
Name:Seafood Fra Diavolo With Pasta	Recipe:In a large saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil with the garlic and shallots over medium heat. When the garlic starts to sizzle, pour in the tomatoes and tomato sauce. Season with salt and red pepper. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat, add the red wine and tomato paste and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook pasta for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente; drain. In a large skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil over high heat. Add the shrimp, calamari and scallops. Cook for about 4 minutes (or until done), stirring frequently, or until the shrimp turn pink. Add seafood to the tomato mixture, and stir in the parsley. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the sauce just begins to bubble. Serve sauce over pasta.
Name:Chef Ray\u0027s Seafood Trinity	Recipe:Take a heavy aluminum 12 inch skillet, pour in the olive oil and heat it hot enough for frying. Drop in the shrimp and scallops (make sure they are drained well) and stir-fry them quickly until they start to bronze. Then immediately reduce the heat to medium and gently sauté the shrimp and scallops until the natural juices begin to render out(about 3 min). Do not over cook. Add the green onions and garlic and sauté then till the onions wilt slightly and the garlic starts to brown. At this point, remove seafood from the skillet with a strainer spoon, leaving as much liquid as possible in the pan and set them aside in a bowl. increase heat to "high" again. Pour in the heavy cream and dry seasonings and cook it at a quick bubble until it thickens. Make sure to watch the pan and continuously stir as it cooks because cream has a tendency to boil over easily. Boil pasta, drain and add a small amount of olive oil to prevent sticking. Set Aside. Place all the seafood, including crab and the Romano cheese into the pan and mix everything together well. Then drop in the pasta and thoroughly coat each strand with the sauce and serve piping hot. garnish with black olives.
Name:Salmon With Seafood Stuffing	Recipe:Saute celery, onions, garlic, and margarine till translucent. Add shrimp and crab and cook 1-2 more minutes. Stir in peppers, boil, and salt. fold in croutons and bread crumbs. Lay out the salmon and squeeze the lemon over the top and lightly salt. Place 1/2 of stuffing in the middle of each salmon. Roll the salmon up and tie w/ kitchen string. Place in a baking dish and cook at 425° for about 25 minutes. Watch carefully and do not over cook or it will be dry. If you've cooked it with the scales still on, simply peel them off easily after removing from oven.
Name:Japanese Eggyolk Sauce (Mayonnaise) for Seafood	Recipe:combine all ingredients except the oil in a mixing bowl or blender. start beating/blending and add the oil subsequently in a small stream. Refrigerate for a few hours before using, so the spices can mingle. Important note: all ingredients must have roomtemperature.
Name:Seafood Enchiladas	Recipe:Combine first 6 ingredients, mix well. Place about 1/2-2/3 c filling on tortilla and roll up. Place seam side down in 9 by 13 pan. Combine 1-1/2-2 c sauce and 1 c sour cream in sauce pan on stove till warm and well blended. Spoon sauce over enchiladas, and sprinkle with cheese. Bake in 350° oven till cheese is melted and it looks bubbly, approx 20-30 minute. Garnish with sliced avocados.
Name:Herbed Seafood Crepes With Mornay Sauce	Recipe:To Make Crepes: In a mixing bowl, whisk together flour and salt. Add eggs and milk and whisk until smooth. Stir in butter and herbs. Batter should be consistency of thin cream. Let stand 30 minutes, then stir before using. Make crepes in a hot crepe pan or light nonstick pan filmed with butter, if needed. Stack crepes on waxed paper and let stand until ready to use, up to 2 hours, or wrap and freeze. Thaw at room temperature until they can be separated without tearing. To Make Sauce: In a saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Whisk in flour and cook briefly. Whisk in milk and stir until smooth and starting to thicken. In a small bowl, whisk egg yolk with cream. Spoon a little of the hot sauce into the egg yolk and combine, then stir yolk mixture back into the sauce. Season to taste with nutmeg, salt and pepper, then stir in 2 T each Parmesan and Gruyere. Stir in cooked seafood and cook briefly until heated. To Assemble: Place one crepe on a heat-proof dinner plate and spoon seafood and sauce down the middle. Roll crepe and reapeat. Spoon a little extra sauce over the crepes and sprinkle with remaining cheeses. Repeat. Place plates under hot broiler until edges of crepes are starting to brown. Serve hot.
Name:Seafood Macaroni Salad	Recipe:Mix cooked macaroni, shrimp, onion, celery, green pepper, and radishes together in a salad bowl. In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise with the horseradish and lemon juice, then add spices to taste. Fold into salad and chill well before serving.
Name:Seafood Salad	Recipe:Mix all ingredients together in a large bowl, except for salad greens and Old Bay or Paprika. Serve mixture on salad greens and sprinkle with Old Bay seasoning or Paprika or *variation* serve in avocado halves.
Name:Seafood Pasta	Recipe:Heat oil (2tbls) in large saucepan, add onion and garlic, fry for about 5 minutes, until softened. Pour the wine into the saucepan and bring to a boil. Add tomatoes and their juice, the sugar, chopped herbs, salt and pepper and let simmer for 15-20 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the macaroni in a large saucepan of boiling salted water for 10-12 minutes or till tender. Drain the pasta and return to pan. Add the remaining 1 tbl oil and toss together. Add seafood to tomato sauce and simmer for 3-4 minutes until heated through. Serve the seafood on top of the pasta.
Name:Kittencal\u0027s Seafood Pasta Salad	Recipe:In a pot cook the shell pasta in boiling water until al dente (leave slightly firm, do not over cook) drain, then rinse the pasta under cold water then allow to drain very well then transfer to a large bowl. Add in cooked shrimp, crab meat, celery, red bell pepper, green onions, cubed mozzarella cheese and thawed peas or black olives (if using) toss to combine. In a bowl whisk together the mayonnaise with salad dressing, sour cream, garlic powder, lemon juice and Old Bay seasoning (start with 1 teaspoon Old Bay and add in more to taste) pour over the salad and toss to combine, then mix in the hot sauce. Season with salt and fresh ground black pepper. If the salad is too dry for your liking then mix in some whipping cream or more mayonnaise. Cover and chill for at least 4 hours or more before serving (the longer chilling time the better).
Name:Seafood Corn Chowder	Recipe:Heat saucepan over medium high heat. Spray with cooking spray and saute onions until transparent. Add potato, bay leaf, marjoram, cayenne and chicken broth. Bring to boil, cover, reduce heat and cook until potato is soft, 8-10 minutes. Add creamed corn, canned corn, milk and freshly ground pepper. Over medium-high heat, heat until hot, not boiling. Add red peppers and the package of crab/shrimp, continue stirring until heated through, 2-4 minutes.
Name:Seafood Stew (Crock Pot)	Recipe:In a large skillet heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add onions and celery and cook stirring for 5 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Add garlic, oregano, peppercorns and cook stirring for another minute. Stir in tomato paste and flour and cook another minute. Add vegetable broth (or chicken broth), tomatoes and tomato juice and bring to a boil. Continue to cook for about 3-5 more minutes. Remove from heat and transfer mixture to crock pot. Add chicken and stir to combine. Cover and cook on high for 3 hours or low for 6 hours. Stir in shrimp, clams, peppers, and parsley. Cover and cook on high for 30 minutes. Meanwhile in a baggie combine chili powder and cayenne. Add scallops and toss to coat. In a skillet over medium heat melt butter and add scallops and cook, stirring for 3-5 minutes or until scallops are opaque. Add scallops to crock pot, stirring in well. Spoon soup in bowls and serve with hot pepper sauce if desired. I thought this was spicy enough without the Tabasco sauce - but my son added a lot to his serving.
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Heat butter in saucepan; add carrot, celery, bell pepper, parsley, and garlic, saute until onions are tender, about 5 minutes. Add sherry to the pan and cook off most off the alcohol, deglazing the bottom of the pan as you go. Pour in broth and add potatoes, and bring to a boil; then reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 12-14 minutes, stirring occasionally, until potatoes start to get tender. Add tomatoes, bay leaf, paprika, chili powder, celery seed, pepper, thyme and cayenne; cover and simmer another 20 minutes or until mixture begins to thicken. Stir in shrimp, scallops and crab, and cook until shrimp curl and turn bright pink and scallops turn opaque, and chowder is heated through, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1/4 cup parsley. Serve with crusty loaves of Italian or French bread and herb butter, if you desire.
Name:Healthy Cucumber Sauce for Seafood	Recipe:Mix all ingredients together. Cover and chill, serve cold with seafood.
Name:Garlic Cream Sauce for Chicken/Seafood/Pasta	Recipe:Melt margarine on stovetop and add garlic. Saute 1 minute. Add flour and stir another minute. Add chicken broth and cook stirring until sauce thickens. Stir in sour cream. Serve over chicken, seafood, pasta or a mixture.
Name:Ww Seafood Linguine - 7 Points	Recipe:In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil. Add the scallions and garlic; cook, stirring constantly, until softened, 2-3 minutes. Add the shrimp, crab, wine, lemon juice, pepper flakes, thyme and salt; cook, stirring constantly, until heated through, about 3 minutes. Serve the linguine, topped with the seafood mixture.
Name:Italian seafood soup	Recipe:Heat oil. Add onions, garlic, oregano and fennel. Sweat onions until tender. Add tomatoes, clam juice, wine and liquid from canned clams. Bring to stew consistency (about 15 minutes). Add shrimp, clams, and crab meat. Cook on medium heat about 2 minutes. Add basil, cayenne,and black pepper to taste. Simmer 2 more minutes.
Name:Cajun Seafood Au Gratin	Recipe:Pour the cream into a large heavy skillet or saucepan and place over medium-high heat. The cream will rise before it begins to boil; just stir it to keep it from overflowing. Once it begins to simmer, add the herbs, salt, peppers, green onions, and parsley, and continue to let simmer until it becomes thick, 7-8 minutes. Stir in the shrimp and let cook 3-4 minutes, then add the crawfish. Mix well and let cook 2-3 minutes. Gently fold in the crab meat (you paid a premium price for it, so don’t destroy those precious lumps). Let cook 2-3 minutes more, then add the 1-1/2 cups cheese and stir gently until it has melted. Preheat the broiler. Pour the hot seafood mixture into a large ovenproof dish or individual ramekins. Sprinkle the top with the Parmesan cheese and glaze under the broiler. Serve immediately. *******Additional Notes: This dish should really be prepared fresh. It doesn’t take long to make, and your guests or family will enjoy watching you prepare it. You don’t have to use all three kinds of seafood, either. Try it with just one or two of them, increasing the amounts, or substitute other kinds of seafood that are readily available.
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Sauté onions; add potatoes, salt, pepper and clam juice. Simmer until potatoes are done. Add all your seafood, cream, and milk. Do not boil at this point. I transfer it to my crock pot so I can keep it hot. Sprinkle a bit of paprika on top.
Name:Ed\u0027s Seafood Cocktail Sauce	Recipe:Combine all ingredients and chill. Use with fresh, cooked shrimp or any other seafood that you like with a spicy sauce.
Name:Seafood Crepes	Recipe:For crepes;. Whisk dry ingredients together. Mix in eggs, milk and butter. With a hand beater mix until smooth. In an 8" skillet or crepe pan, lightly brush with butter, heat until bubbly on medium heat, pour a scant 1/4 cup batter and, swirl it around to coat the pan. Cook until top is dry and bottom is light brown. Flip and cook the other side. Stack on top of each other and keep warm. * tip*You can easily do the crepes ahead and stack them with waxed paper between each one, refrigerate for up to 2 days or freeze for up to 3 months. Saute the mushrooms and green onion in butter until tender. Put the seafood, 1/2 and 1/2, cream cheese and parsley in the pan, over medium heat, until the cheese has melted. Pour in Sherry. In each crepe, place 1/4 cup seafood filling, roll and place in a two baking dishes, 12" x 71/2" x 2", seam side down. Top each pan with the Swiss cheese and place in a 350 degree oven until the crepes are hot, approximately 20 minutes.
Name:Seafood Medley Pasta	Recipe:In a large skillet add in your Olive Oil and bring it to a medium high heat, add in the shallots cook for 1-2 minutes, then add in the shrimp and scallops lightly and lightly brown on both sides for about a minute on each side. Add in garlic and stir it around to incorporate it into the pan. Add the wine and reduce for 2-3 minutes. Then add heavy cream and salmon reduce for 1-2 minutes. Season with Sea Salt and White Pepper to taste. Then finish by adding Tomatoes, Basil, and pasta. Turn off heat and fold all ingredients together, let sit for 2-3 minutes. Top with Parmesan and Parsley then serve. By: Chef Travis W. Holland.
Name:Seafood Tea Sandwich Recipe	Recipe:Combine the butter and chives and spread the mixture onto one side of each slice of bread. Mix the remaining ingredients together in a small bowl, then evenly spread the mixture over 10 of the bread slices. Top with the other 10 slices, remove the crusts, and cut.
Name:Seafood Pot Pie	Recipe:FOR THE SEAFOOD: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and fennel and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, until the onions are translucent. Add the flour and cook over low heat for 3 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Meanwhile, bring the stock to a simmer in a large saucepan. Add the shrimp and scallops and cook for 2 minutes, just until firm. Remove the seafood to a large bowl with a slotted spoon. Pour 3 cups of stock into a measuring cup and discard the rest. When the flour is cooked in the onion and fennel mixture, slowly add the 3 cups of stock, the Pernod, salt and pepper and simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream. Cut the lobster meat into medium-sized cubes. Add the lobster to the bowl with the seafood, then add the frozen peas, frozen onions, and parsley. Pour the sauce over the mixture and taste for seasoning. Pour into a 9 x 13 x 2 baking dish and refrigerate. FOR THE PASTRY: Mix the flour, salt, and baking powder in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and pulse 10 times, until the butter is the size of peas. With the motor running, add the ice water; process only enough to moisten the dough and have it just come together. Dump the dough out on a floured surface and knead quickly into a ball. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow it to rest for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375º F. Roll the dough out to fit the baking dish with about a 3/4 inch overlap. Use the egg wash to paint the oitside rim of the dish. Place the dough on the filled baking dish and press it lightly to adhere to the egg wash. Make 4 or 5 slashes in it to allow the steam to escape. Place the dish on a sheet pan lined with parchmen paper and and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes, until the top is golden brown and the filling is bubbling hot.
Name:Caper Mayonnaise (For Seafood or Vegetables)	Recipe:Combine all ingredients. Refrigerate at least half an hour before serving. Serve with Salmon (Grilled in white wine marinade) or asparagus or whatever!
Name:Vol-Au-Vent of Louisiana seafood	Recipe:Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the green onions and shallots until they're limp. Add the wine and bring it to a boil. Reduce until most of the liquid is gone. Add the cream, saffron, salt, pepper, cayenne and ginger, and bring to a light boil. (Also add tarragon at this point if using dried.) Add scallops and shrimp. Cook for four minutes, then add oysters and fresh tarragon. Cook until edges of oysters are curly. Throughout the process, agitate pan to slosh the sauce over the seafoods. Spoon the seafoods into a puff pastry shell, until seafoods and sauce run over the top and onto the plate.
Name:Marie Rose (Seafood) Sauce	Recipe:Stir the tomato sauce and mayonnaise together in a small bowl. Add a few drops of Worcestershire and Tabasco and stir to combine. Cover with cling film and chill till required. Serve with seafood and lemon wedges.
Name:Spanish Seafood Paella	Recipe:With a heavy cleaver, chop each breast half into 3 pieces and each leg into 4 pieces. Combine the oil, onion, and garlic in a 12- to 14-inch skillet or paella pan and place over low heat. When the onion begins to sizzle, increase the heat to medium. Add the chicken pieces a few at a time and cook until lightly browned, sprinkling them with a little of the salt, pepper and paprika as they cook. As they brown, move the chicken pieces to the outside of the pan to make room for more in the center. When all the chicken has lost its raw color, add the squid, peppers, green onion, and the remaining salt, and crumble in the saffron. Stir in the rice, cooking for a minute or so to coat it with the oil. Add warm stock to within 1 inch of the rim of the pan (not all the stock may be needed). Arrange the shrimp over the top, and the mussels or clams in a ring around the outside, hinged side down. Cook at a lively simmer until the rice is just tender, about 20 minutes; scatter the peas over the top halfway through the cooking time. The paella may seem a little soupy when it first comes off the fire, but the rice will absorb the excess liquid in a few minutes. Tip:This works well woth boneless, skinless chicken thighs as suggested by YaYa.
Name:Seafood Newburg Casserole	Recipe:In large bowl, combine shrimp, crabmeat and sherry. Mix gently to coat. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour to marinate. Preheat oven to 350. Spray 13 x 9 glass baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Cook rice in water as directed on package. Meanwhile, melt 2 tbsp of the butter in large saucepan over medium heat. Add shallot and mushrooms; cook and stir 5 minutes or until tender. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add remaining 6 tablespoons butter; stir until melted. Lightly spoon flour into measuring cup; level off. Add flour, seasoned salt and pepper to mushroom mixture; mix well. Cook until bubbly. Gradually add half-and-half and milk, stirring constantly until mixture boils and thickens. Remove from heat. Add seafood mixture and cooked rice to mushroom sauce; stir gently to mix. Pour into sprayed baking dish. In small bowl combine topping ingredients; mix well. Sprinkle over top of casserole. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until casserole is bubbly and crumb topping is golden brown. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
Name:Auntie Emlou\u0027s Seafood Cocktail Sauce!	Recipe:Mix all ingredients together and chill. Mix with shrimp or crab to make a seafood cocktail. Or eat with a spoon! ;).
Name:Moroccan Seafood and Broccoli Salad	Recipe:Steam broccoli 5 minutes, drain and refresh under cold running water; place in large bowl. Add scallions through seafood. Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the couscous, parsley and thyme, and cook 30 seconds; remove pan from heat, cover tightly and let stand 5 minutes. Make dressing: Whisk the seasonings into the lemon juice; gradually mix oil into the lemon juice until emulsified. Add the couscous, while still hot, to the vegetable mixture; add the dressing and toss to combine well. Chill at least 1 hour. Sprinkle with chopped pecans, pine nuts or other nuts of your choice before serving.
Name:Seafood Pan Roast	Recipe:In a saute pan melt 4 oz. of the butter over medium heat. Add white wine, paprika, celery seed, clam juice, lemon juice, worcestershire, tabasco, cocktail sauce and salt & pepper. If using clams or mussels add them now and cook until they open. Add shrimp, scallops, lobster and/or crab meat and bring to a full boil. Add heavy whipping cream and boil for 1 minute. Add last 4 oz. of butter. Garnish with chives.
Name:Jim\u0027s Famous Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Thaw shrimp and crab if not using fresh. In large saucepan, combine flour and oil. Cook at medium low heat stirring for 30-40 minutes until dark red-brown. Add onions, peppers, celery, broth, ham hock, tomato sauce, undrained tomatoes, parsley, worcestershire sauce, pickapeppa, oregano, bay leaves, paprika, garlic powder and Tabasco. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer 1 hour. Remove ham hock, cut off meat. Chop meat and return to pan. Skim off any fat. Add oysters, shrimp and crab. Continue cooking for 15 minutes. Add okra, cook 5 minutes, remove from heat and let sit for 5 minutes. Remove bay leaves. Add file powder.
Name:Twice Baked Potatoes With Seafood Topping	Recipe:POTATOES: Wash potatoes thoroughly, poke with a fork (I use a kebab skewer) and microwave until completely cooked and soft to the touch. While they are still warm, cut them in half lengthwise then carefully scoop out centres leaving a shell of the skin about 1/4 inch thick. Place the scooped out centres into a separate bowl and mash potato together with sour cream, buttermilk and salt and pepper. Stuff the potato shells with the mashed potato and place in a sprayed 8 inch square casserole dish. Set aside. Prepare the topping. TOPPING: In a saucepan on low heat combine and stir with a wire whisk: flour, cream cheese, milk, garlic, salt, nutmeg, pepper and heat gently until cream cheese is no longer lumpy. Stir in mayonnaise, lemon juice, parmesan cheese and green onion. Remove from heat and fold in crab meat and shrimp gently with a rubber spatula. Cover and allow to cool to room temperature. Spoon the topping mixture over the stuffed potatoes and sprinkle with cheddar cheese and extra Parmesan cheese. At this point you can cover the dish with plastic wrap and store in the fridge overnight if you want to prepare them ahead. Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake 20 to 30 minutes until heated through and topping is lightly browned.
Name:Connie Seafood Mix	Recipe:heat oil in large fry pan, add scallops, cook til opaque. remove from pan and place in bowl.(5 min). heat up shrimp in same pan til hot, remove and place in same bowl (3 min). simmer onions, green/red pepper in fry pan til tender not mushy (3 min). add all back together including veggies,in fry pan and simmer a few minutes to let flavors blend. add spices and stir. in kettle, boil carrots and broccoli til tender not mushy. remove and in same water add spagetti to boil. cook til your taste. pour seafood and veggie mix over completed pasta and serve. I sometimes add butter when cooking the onions to give a sweeter taste. This takes me 25 minutes to put on the table. It is a fast favorite for the family. Serve with crusty bread and YUM.
Name:Lemon Garlic Butter Sauce for Crab (or Seafood)	Recipe:Combine ingredients and microwave for 1 minute or until melted. Stir and drizzle or dip.
Name:Creamy Seafood Pasta Salad	Recipe:Cook pasta until al-dente. Drain then rinse in cold water. Allow to drain. Rinse frozen shrimp under cold running water. Drain, wrap in paper towels and set aside. In a small bowl, combine salad dressing, tabasco sauce, chives, salt, pepper, lemon juice and zest. In a large bowl, mix together pasta, frozen peas, zucchini, radishes, onions and dressing mixture. Gently toss in the shrimp. Refrigerate for 1 to 12 hours. To serve, line a serving bowl or platter with lettuce leaves. Top with the salad mixture. Garnish, if desired, with rows of radish slices, chopped chives and/or shrimp.
Name:Seafood Chili	Recipe:Partially thaw fillets and cut into 1 inch pieces. Saute onions, celery, green pepper, garlic in butter or oil, just until tender. Add remaining ingredients, except fish. Cover and slow simmer gently for 30 minutes or until thick, stirring occasionally. Add fish; cover and simmer 7 minutes or until fish is opaque and flakes easily. We like it served over brown rice.
Name:Tropical Seafood Kebabs	Recipe:In large bowl or Ziploc plastic bag combine the fruit juices, soy, oil, sugar, rind, cinnamon, and cayenne (if using); add the shrimp, scallops, melon, and pineapple. Cover (or Ziploc) and marinate in refrigerator for at least 4 hours. Soak bamboo skewers in water for 5-10 minutes. Place shrimp, scallops, melon, pineapple, and avocado on skewers. Grill or broil for 3 to 6 minutes or until shrimp are pink and scallops are opaque (be careful not to overcook!), basting frequently with marinade. Makes 6-8 skewers, serving 2-4 (depending on how hungry you are).
Name:Creamy Garlicy Seafood Marinara	Recipe:Cook pasta as per packet directions (time to have ready for step 10, it needs to be warm, if it goes cold it will stick together and the sauce won't coat it well). Lightly steam vegetables (I normally do in the microwave for a 30 to 60 seconds). Add 2 tablespoons of oil and heat over a medium to high heat in a large frypan or wok, cook fish till just done, remove to a plate. Add more oil, if required and cook the prawns till just cooked through, remove to a plate. Add more oil, if required and cook the scallops till just done, remove to plate. Wipe out the frypan and add more oil and heat up over medium to high heat and quickly cook the squid rings to just done and remove to plate. Wipe frypan clean and heat 1 teaspoon of oil over low heat and add the garlic, ginger and chillies and cook till fragrant. Add the cream and sour cream and lightly simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cooked seafood and lightly steamed vegetables and stir to coat, lightly simmering for 2 to 5 minutes till heated through. Add cooked pasta and spring onions, stirring to coat the pasta with the sauce. Serve and enjoy.
Name:Simple Healthier Seafood Salad	Recipe:Mix all ingredients in a bowl and combine well. Serve on salad greens, toast or enjoy it 'as is" -- .
Name:Seafood Salad With Shrimp and Crab	Recipe:Cut each shrimp into 2 or 3 pieces. Chop crabmeat into pieces about the size of the shrimp pieces. Mix all ingredeints together and chill for 4 hours to let the flavors blend. It looks like a lot of mayo at first but after it's chilled it doesn't look like so much.
Name:Seafood Quiche	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place half the cheese in the unbaked pie shell. Layer with crabmeat, spinach, and shrimp. Top with remaining cheese. Beat eggs in a large bowl, lightly. Beat in remaining ingredients; pour over seafood and cheese. Bake about 15 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 300. Bake another 30 minutes, or until a knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting into wedges and serving.
Name:seafood stew	Recipe:in a large dutch oven heat oil. add sausage, cook turning until brown, about 8 minutes. remove and cut sausage into 1" pieces. add fennel and onions, cook until tender about 8-10 minutes. return sausage to pan, add stock, tomatoes, zest and bring to a boil. reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes. add sea bass, stir, cover, and cook 3 minutes. add shrimp and mussels, cover and cook until shrimp is pink and mussels open, 5 minutes more. discard mussels that don't open. garnish with fennel fronds.
Name:Helen\u0027s Bouillabaisse (Seafood Chowder)	Recipe:Scrub clams well and drain. Rinse shrimp under cold running water. Remove shells, devein (with small knife slit alon back and lift out vein) Rinse and drain. Rinse scallops and drain. Rinse halibut and drain. Cut halibut in two inch pieces. Heat oil in 4 quart pot or dutch oven. Saute onions and garlic for 5 minutes or until onion is golden. Add tomatoes, salt fennel seed, pepper, orange rind, and saffron. Stir in clam juice and water. Bring to boil. Add clams, boil 2 minutes or until clams open. Reduce heat. Add shrimp, scallops, and halibut making sure liquid covers all. Cover pot and cook over medium-low heat 10-12 minutes or until halibut flakes when tested with a fork. NOTE: Clams are also available in the shell packed in cans or shucked and canned whole....You may use 1 pound bag frozen shelled deveined raw shrimp, 1 pound bag frozen scallops and 1 pound frozen halibut in place of fresh
Name:Seafood in Basil Sauce	Recipe:In a blender of food processor, combine basil, garlic, olive oil, salt and 1 T. melted butter. Process until smooth. Heat the 2 T. butter in a heavy skillet over high heat until the butter bubbles. Add seafood, turning quickly in the butter to evenly coat. Reduce heat to medium. Saute, stirring, until seafood is heated through and cooked. Add sherry. Simmer 30 seconds. Add sauce from blender or food processor. Stir with spatula until sauce coats seafood evenly. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and parsley. Serve immediately.
Name:Quick \u0026 Easy (\u0026 HEALTHY) Mixed Seafood Pizza	Recipe:Preheat the oven to 425F. Lightly brush the top of the pizza crust with about 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Then, spread the sauce over it, and bake for ten minutes. Pat the cooked seafood dry using paper towels, then arrange on top of the pizza. Then, sprinkle the chopped garlic and parsley on top of that. Drizzle the remaining oil over the pizza and return it to the oven. Bake for 5-10 minutes, until the seafood is warmed through and the crust is golden. Sprinkle with the cheese and serve immediately.
Name:Southern Indian Rice and Seafood Soup	Recipe:In a large pan, heat up the oil and add the mustard seeds, curry leaves, cumin seeds, garam masala, chilli powder and turmeric. Cook for a few minutes. Add the chillies, ginger, garlic and onions. Continue cooking slowly until the garlic and onions are soft. Then add the rice and water. Bring to a boil then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the fish and coconut milk with a pinch of salt. Put the lid on the pan and simmer for another 10 minutes, then stir well to break up the pieces of fish. Taste and correct the seasoning with salt and pepper. Just before serving, squeeze in the lime juice ans stir in half the cilantro. Serve in warmed bowls, sprinkle some freshly grated coconut (opt) and garnish with the rest of the cilantro.
Name:Beer Batter Seafood	Recipe:Heat oil (1 1/2 inches) in heavy saucepan or deep fryer to 350ºF. Lightly coat fish with the 3 to 4 tablespoons Bisquick mix (or cornstarch).  Mix remaining ingredients with hand beater until smooth. (If batter is too thick, stir in additional beer, 1 tablespoon at a time, until desired consistency.) Dip fish into batter, letting excess drip into bowl. Fry fish about 2 minutes on each side or until golden brown; drain. Serve hot.
Name:Queens of Quisine Seafood Seasoning and Rub	Recipe:Measure ingredients and combine. Pour into a small air-tight jar. Keep in a cool, dry place until ready to use. FOR RUBS:. Rinse fish and pat flesh dry with paper towels. Use 1 to 2 tablespoons and rub on all exposed parts of fish (except skin). Prepare fish as desired. FOR STIR-FRY or SAUTE: Add 1-2 teaspoons seasoning to a zip-lock plastic bag or a bowl. Add seafood of choice and shake to coat thoroughly. Melt butter or heat oil over medium-low heat. Add shrimp or other seafood to pan. Cook until done and remove from pan. FOR GRILLING:. Add 1-2 teaspoons seasoning to a zip-lock plastic bag or a bowl. Add seafood of choice and shake to coat thoroughly. Prepare on grill as desired. TO SERVE:. Serve with couscous or brown rice, with a green salad or vegetable dish.
Name:Fettuccine Ala Seafood	Recipe:Bring a large pot of water to a boil with 1 Tbsp salt. Cook pasta in boiling water until it is al dente. Drain and hold. In a skillet over medium high heat, melt the butter until it froths. Add the scallions, garlic, shallots, and seafood. Sauté until aromatic and the shrimp are pink, about 3 minutes. The seafood will be slightly undercooked at this point. Add wine, stirring from the bottom of the skillet. Reduce wine to half, about 6 minutes. Push seafood to the side of the skillet, add 2 Tbsp of butter and swirl gently. Slowly add cream, whisking gently so that the cream thickens. Add tarragon, marjoram, salt and pepper, and Tabasco sauce. Stir seafood and sauce together to combine. Plate the fettuccine, pour the sauce over, and garnish with the parsley.
Name:Vietnamese Seafood Salad	Recipe:Stir fry shallots in oil until lightly brown, add prawns and cook for 1 minute. Add squid and ginger and continue to cook 3-4 minutes, add black pepper at the end and remove from heat into a large bowl. Add the papaya and chilli together, add to the seafood mixture. Combine the sugar, salt and juice together until dissolved. Pour over the salad and mix well. Just before serving, add the toasted sesame seeds and mint, toss lightly, serve with crispy rice paper or prawn crackers. (Don't add too early or else the seeds will go soft and the mint will turn black).
Name:Neptune\u0027s Seafood Chef Salad	Recipe:Combine red pepper, green pepper, oil & lemon juice in a re-sealable food storage bag. Add salmon, gently toss to coat & refrigerate for 3-4 hours. Heat grill or grill pan. Cook salmon till just cooked through, season w/salt & pepper as desired & set aside. SALAD ASSEMBLY: Place lettuce wedges on 6 serving plates. Add 2 oz salmon, 2 oz crabmeat, 2 scallops & 2 oz shrimp to ea plate. Garnish w/tomato wedges & serve w/desired dressing or choice of dressings.
Name:Seafood Cakes	Recipe:Make the crab cakes in advance so they have time to firm up in the refrigerator before you cook them. Saute onion & garlic then remove to cool. If fish was frozen, squeeze “gently” to remove excess water. If crab is cooked, rinse gently under cold water to remove excess salt then drain & dry. Dice fish & shrimp into peanut size chunks. Combine all ingredients & mix gently just until well blended. Shape the mixture into 6 fat crab cakes & shape into discs. Put them on a plate and stick them in the refrigerator, uncovered to chill & dry for 30 to 60 minutes. To serve, heat 3 tablespoons each of butter & olive oil in a pan over medium heat. Put the crab cakes with the top (dry) side down and cook for about 15 minutes, gently flip over & cook for another 15 minutes so each side is nice and crisp. Internal temp should hit 145F (62C).
Name:Seafood Pasta W Jalapenos	Recipe:Dice tomato, jalapeno and red onion. Do not combine. Chill while preparing rest of recipe. Place olive oil in large skillet. Add shrimp, scallops and garlic and cook shrimps curl and turn pink. Heat the alfredo sauce and thin it down a little with milk. I prefer a lighter alfredo is with the seafood. Stir the seafood into the alfredo. Place pasta on plate and top with seafood mixture. Top with the diced tomato, jalapeno and red onion. Sprinkle with fresh grated parmesean.
Name:Bird\u0027s Most Flavorful Seafood Dip	Recipe:In a food processor combine all ingredients. Process until smooth, scraping down sides as necessary. Transfer to a serving bowl and let sit for 20 minutes to allow flavors to blend. Can be served cold or at room temperature.
Name:Seafood BBQ Basting Sauce	Recipe:Combine all the ingredients in a saucepan and heat until the butter has melted and the mixture is bubbly. Whisk smooth, cool to room temperature and set aside until you are ready tpo use it.
Name:Chili Seafood Stir-Fry	Recipe:Combine seafood, pepper, five-spice, chilli, garlic and ginger in a bowl. Heat half the oil in a wok, stir-fry seafood in batches, until cooked, remove. Heat remaining oil in wok, stir-fry peppers until tender, add sprouts, asparagus and peas to wok, stir-fry 1 minute. Return seafood to wok with soy sauce and sugar, stir-fry until hot and veg are just tender (should have a nice crunch to them)Stir in 1 tablespoon of chopped chives, save the rest to sprinkle over dishes. Please Note: Cooking times will be longer if not using a wok, wok's get very hot so cook much quicker than regular frying pans. To Serve: Arrange spoonfuls of veg on plate top with seafood.
Name:New England Seafood Cocktail Sauce	Recipe:mix all ingredients, squeeze in juice of 1/2 lemon. Adjust to taste. chill for 1 hour. Wedge out remaining half of lemon to squeeze over seafood. Serve with shrimp, calamari or other seafood.
Name:Mixed Seafood Florentine	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°F. Spray a med-sized casserole dish w/baking spray. In a bowl, mix haddock, shrimp + scallops & set aside. Slice cooked sweet potato very thinly & layer slices over bottom of the casserole. Cover potato layer w/uncooked baby spinach leaves. Gently pour 1 cup cream over potatoes & spinach. Season to taste pref w/salt & pepper. Sprinkle w/6 tbsp grated Parmesan & evenly add mixed seafood in a layer. Pour 2nd cup of cream over the seafood & sprinkle w/last 2 tbsp grated Parmesan. Bake for 25-30 minutes. Sprinkle w/fresh chopped parsley & serve immediately.
Name:Seafood Casserole for 2	Recipe:In a large skillet, saute onions,celery,mushroom and garlic in the oil until softened. Add salt, pepper and old Bay Seasoning. Whisk in the flour. Slowly stir milk into the sauteed mixture. Add cheese. Add the cooked seafood; stir well. Add parlsey and basil. Pour into a casserole dish. Bake at 375* for 30 minutes. Can be prepared ahead of time and baked before serving.
Name:Tartare Sauce for Fish \u0026 Seafood ( Tartar Sauce )	Recipe:Using a blender or food processor blend the egg yolks, salt& vinegar together Very slowly with the blender swithced on quite high speed pour a very thin, slow stream of oil into the egg yolks, stop every once in a while and blend for a second then resume with the oil until all has been poured in Add lemon juice and the tbsp of water. The sauce should now look like white mayonnaise. Mix in the green onions, gherkin, capers and parsley. Serve with seafood or fish.
Name:Thai Seafood Curry over Coconut Jasmine Rice	Recipe:To cut carrot flowers, peel or scrub carrots and cut into 4 inch lengths. Using a very sharp knife cut a small V out of the side by placing the sharp edge of the knife down the length of the carrot piece, twice. Repeat this 3-4 times per carrot piece. Slice into 1/4-1/2" thick 'flowers' to finish. In a saucepan with glass lid, combine 1 1/2 cup water, 3/4 cup coconut milk, and rice. Cover and bring just to a boil; immediately reduce heat to lowest setting and cook for 15 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed. Do not remove lid or stir while cooking. Heat the oils in a wok or large skillet over medium high heat. Add the garlic and curry paste and saute until fragrant (about 3 minutes). Add the shrimp, scallops, and fish; saute for 3-5 minutes until shrimp is almost done. Add the vegetables (beans, carrots, peppers, lemongrass) and cook for 1 minute. Add all remaining ingredients and simmer covered for 3-5 minutes. Remove lemongrass and serve over jasmine coconut rice.
Name:10 Min Cheesy Gnocchi With Seafood Sauce.	Recipe:Gnocchi: Place the cottage cheese in a large bowl. Stir in the egg yolk, Parmesan cheese and flour. Mix to form a slightly sticky dough. Bring the saucepan of water to the boil. Roll teaspoons of the mixture into balls and drop into the water. When the gnocchi rises to the surface, remove with a slotted spoon. Arrange the gnocchi onto serving plates. Top with the seafood sauce. Seafood Sauce: Cook the shallots in a pan for about 2 minutes Stir in the prawns and cook, stirring until they turn pink. Stir in the seafood sauce and sour cream. Heat gently.
Name:Classic New Orleans Seafood Sauce	Recipe:Combine all ingredients with a fork and keep refrigerated until using. It will keep for a week or so.
Name:Mighty Red\u0027s Seafood Sauce	Recipe:Combine all ingredients. Chill before serving. Makes about 2 cups, or 32 one-tablespoon servings.
Name:Seafood Salad Martini With Vodka Habanero Dressing	Recipe:Combine all ingredients EXCEPT seafood, and lemon and celery garnish, in a large saucepan, bring to boil and simmer for 1 hour. NOTE: Combination of shrimp,scallops, mussels, and or lobster, to equal 3 pounds. Puree in blender or food processor: taste and adjust seasonings. NOTE: Habenero and Scotch Bonnet chilies are among the hottest available. Jalapeño is milder, if preferred. Use gloves to handle raw. Cool dressing for 1 hour before serving. To assemble: In a beautiful martini glass. Layer seafood and dressing to top of glass. Any left over sauce may be saved and frozen. Chill at least 2 hours before serving. Garnish with celery and lemon twists. Top with 1 ounce of crab meat per serving.
Name:Tartar / Seafood Sauce Salad	Recipe:Mix all above and serve with crab cakes, shrimp or fried fish.
Name:Oriental Seafood Salad	Recipe:Saute the onion and ginger gently in the sesame oil until soft, transfer to a large bowl and cool. Stir in the soy sauce, salt, pepper, and mayonnaise. Add crabmeat, prawns, red pepper, cuccumber and beansprouts, folding together gently. Shred the salad greens if in large pieces and line glasses with them, pile the prawn mixture in the middle and squeeze a little lime juice over each serving. Garnish with unpeeled prawns and lime slices.
Name:Weekday Creamy Seafood Pasta	Recipe:Cook pasta as directed according to package. Pour alfredo sauce into a large saucepan set over medium heat. Meanwhile, slice crab into chunks. Stir in crab and nutmeg. If pasta is not ready yet, reduce heat to low and cover to keep warm. When pasta is cooked, drain well. Then add to sauce in pan. Stir in spinach. If sauce is too thick, stir in milk, 1/4 cup at a time. Stir until warmed through, 1 or 2 more minutes. Serve in big pasta bowls.
Name:Seafood Paella	Recipe:Soak the saffron in 2 Tbs. of hot water. In a Paella pan or Dutch oven, heat the oil. Add the onions and cook for 4 minutes. Add the rice and the saffron and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the tomatoes, garlic and chicken broth and bring to boil. Lower the heat and add half of ALL the seafood, the peas and the red pepper. Seasoning with salt and black pepper. Mix once. Add the rest of the seafood on top. Cover with parchment paper and lid. Simmer for 30 minutes. DO NOT MIX AGAIN. Uncover, let it seat for 5 minutes and serve.
Name:Seafood Bake	Recipe:Bring water, wine and dill to a boil. Add scallops; simmer 2 minutes. Add shrimp; simmer 3-4 minutes longer or until shrimp are opaque. Remove from heat. Put seafood in a shallow 1 1/2 Quart baking dish. Set aside; reserve liquid. Heat 1/4 C butter in skillet; saute mushrooms with chives or green onions. Stir in flour continue cooking 1 minute until bubbly. Stir in cream and 1 Cup of the reserved fish stock. Cook slowly until thick. Add salt and pepper if desired. Pour sauce over seafood. Mix cracker crumbs and the 3 T melted butter. Sprinkle cracker crumbs over the seafood. Bake at 400 for 15-20 minutes or until bubbly and lightly browned.
Name:Creatively Delicious Seafood Pasta Salad	Recipe:In a small bowl, mix dressing ingredients; set aside. Cook pasta according to package directions, drain, rinse with cool water, drain again; set aside. In a large bowl, toss remaining ingredients; add cooled & drained pasta, toss again. Spoon dressing over the tossed crab & pasta, stir well to coat everything. Can be chilled at this point, or served at room temperature. Leftovers should be kept refrigerated & eaten within a day or so. VARIATIONS:  Shrimp, green olives, fresh mushrooms, minced red onion, minced bell pepper (colorful!), fresh or frozen (thawed) peas, a dab of curry powder for color & flavor, salt & pepper to taste.
Name:Get Sassy Seafood Skewers With Jerk and All the Perks!	Recipe:Place the prawns, scallops, pineapple chunks and red pepper into the marindae and leave in the fridge over night. Soak 8 wooden skewers in water, or use metal skewers if available. One hour before grilling and serving the skewers, make the salad - Place the melon balls into a large serving bowl and add the red onion, mint, mango chunks and fennel chunks - mix gently and leave in the fridge until needed. Take 2 prawns, 1 (2) scallop/s, 4 chunks of red pepper and 2 chunks of pineapple, and skewer them in this order: red pepper, prawn, red pepper, pineapple, scallop, pineapple, red pepper, prawn and red pepper. Brush with extra jerk marinade and grill for 3-5 minutes over hot coals turning all the time. Serve the skewers on top the papaya boat with the minted fruit & vegetable salad salsa; yellow rice would be ideal accompaniment.
Name:Crab and Prawn Ravioli in Seafood Bisque	Recipe:Make the pasta by mixing all the ingredients together in a food processor with the normal blade. You can also do this by mixing the flour and eggs together by hand on a wooden board, but it just takes longer and the end result is the same. Turn the dough out onto the counter. Use your hands to shape it into a ball and draw together any crumbs. Wrap in clingfilm and leave to relax in a cool place for an hour. Meanwhile, make the filling. Remove the prawns from their shells. Put the crabmeat and prawns in the food processor and whiz until smooth. Add the egg white, lemon juice salt and pepper and whiz again until just mixed. Stir in the chives, cover and set aside. Make the sauce. Heat the oil in a heavy saucepan and fry all the shells and onion until they start to brown. Add the garlic and cook for another 30 seconds. Add the brandy, tomatoes, bay leaf, tomato puree and star anise. Add the stock and simmer for 20 minutes. Strain the sauce and reduce to 150 ml by boiling rapidly. Add the cream, reduce to the consistency of single cream and season to taste. Set the sauce aside and roll out your pasta dough as thinly as possible using a pasta maker. You want a strip about 6 inches wide. Place teaspoonfuls of the filling in even rows at intervals of 1 1/2 inches over half of the pasta. Fold the other half over the mounds of filling. Press together, firmed around each mound to make sure you have squeezed out all the air. Cut between the rows, making sure the edges are sealed. You can use a fork to decorate the edges. Cook the ravioli in boiling water for 3-4 minutes until al dente. Place on the serving dish, drizzle over the sauce and decorate with the chives.
Name:Spicy Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Add the oil and flour to a cast-iron skillet; stir to combine. Cook over medium heat for about 20 minutes, stirring constantly, until mixture is the color of chocolate (be careful not to burn). Add in onions, celery, and garlic; cook for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Transfer mixture to a large pot. Add in chicken broth and the next 12 ingredients; let simmer for 2 hours; stir occasionally. Peel and devein shrimp. Add in the shrimp, oysters, crabmeat, and fish to the pot; simmer for 10-15 minutes or until seafood is done. Take out bay leaves. Serve over hot cooked rice. Sprinkle with file if desired.
Name:Spicy Coconut Chicken or Seafood Soup	Recipe:Heat coconut milk and chicken stock in a stockpot over medium heat for 3 minutes. Do not allow to boil. Add the lime leaves, galangal, chillies and lemongrass. Stir in the chicken or seafood and mushrooms. Cook until the soup just begins to boil. Turn off heat. Add the lime juice and fish sauce. Mix well. Remove and serve hot, garnished with spring onions and coriander leaves.
Name:Mixed Seafood Tagine	Recipe:Note: Make sure the seafood you are using is already cleaned & removed from the shells. Mix the ingredients for the charmoula in a bowl then add the seafood & stir. Let marinate for 15-20 minutes. Mix the rest of the ingredients in a large tagine then heat, covered, over medium-low heat for 20-30 minutes. Stir the seafood & charmoula in to the tagine then recover & continue to cook for 15-20 minutes.
Name:Seafood Etouffee	Recipe:In large, heavy pan melt the butter. Stir in the flour and cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly for 20 to 25 minutes or until a dark reddish-brown roux is formed. Stir in the undrained tomatoes and chilies, water, sliced carrot and celery, chopped onion and green peppers, basil, salt, minimum amount of cayenne (can always be adjusted up later), and black pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce heat and simmer about 25 minutes until vegetables are tender. Adjust the hotness with additional cayenne if desired. (Can be prepared to this point with the vegetables undercooked, then refrigerated to be reheated and completed right before serving). With the stew simmering, add the shrimp and crabmeat and simmer uncovered for 3 to 5 minutes, until the shrimp are pink and cooked through. Serve in bowls with stew on the bottom and a mound of rice atop. Serve with a crusty French bread.
Name:Nb Seafood Casserole	Recipe:In a slarge skillet, saute onions and celery in the 3 tbsp butteruntil soft.  Add salt, pepper and garlic powder. Stir in flour. In a saucepan, bring milk just to a boil and mix into the sauteed mixture in the skillet. Add cheese is melted and sauce is slightly thickened. Add the cooked seafood; stir well. Pour into a casserole dish and sprinkle w/ paprika. Bake at 375 for 20-25 minutes or until lightly browning on top.
Name:Seafood Salad	Recipe:add the imitation crab meat. add pepper,scallion and celery. add your mayo. then the juice of your lemon. salt to taste. serve cold.
Name:Super Bowl Sunday Seafood Dip	Recipe:Cream the cream cheese in a blender until fluffy. Stir in mayonnaise and sour cream. Add Worcestershire sauce and garlic. Add scallions. Fold in shrimp and crab. Check seasoning and serve.
Name:Seafood Casserole or Yummy Tuna Casserole	Recipe:Cook noodles, set aside. Combine mayonaise and milk or wine. Stir in soup, cheese and seasonings. Gently stir in cooked pasta, peas and seafood. Pour into casserole dish, Cover and bake in 350 oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and sprinkle with crunchy topping. Bake 5 minutes more.
Name:Mama\u0027s Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Fry okra in oil for 30-45 minute. Add onions and celery and cook until soft. Stir in tomato sauce, parsley, bay leaf, thyme and water. Simmer 30 minute. Add shrimp, crabmeat and oysters. Simmer another 30 minute. NOTE: This is better if cooked in the morning and allowed to stand. Serve over rice.
Name:Seafood Salad Stuffed Shells	Recipe:Boil shells in plenty of water until just done. Allow them to cool completely and discard any broken ones. Chop peppers and add to the seafood salad. Break up any large pieces of seafood. Fill each shell with salad mixture. Sprinkle with Old Bay Seasoning as a garnish if you wish.
Name:Antipasto Seafood Salad	Recipe:Thaw, drain and slice crab. Combine sliced mushrooms and cucumbers. Drain artichokes, reserve liquid. Combine the artichoke liquid with lemon juice, vinegar, garlic and spices. Pour over mushrooms and cucumbers. Marinate for two hours in the refrigerator. Drain the vegetables. Arrange the crab, tomatoes, cucumbers and mushrooms, and cheese attractively on a lettuce lined salad plate.
Name:Seafood Saute with Linguinne	Recipe:Steam lobsters in one inch of water for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from pot and cool. Reserve 1/2 cup of cooking liquid. Pick meat out of the shells and dice in large pieces. Carefully extract claw meat and leave whole. Cook pasta according to package directions; drain. Meanwhile, melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté for 5 to 8 minutes or until onion is soft. Do not allow to brown. Add mushrooms and cook water out of them, remove and reserve. Add wine and reduce by one-half. Stir in tomatoes and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add reserved lobster broth and reduce by one-forth. Bring to a gentle boil, reduce heat and add reserved lobster (except for claw meat) and mushrooms, yogurt, scallions, parsley and seafood seasoning to taste. Add Parmesan cheese to thicken. Toss half of sauce with cooked linguine. Arrange on plate; pour remaining half of sauce over each serving. Top each serving with the whole claw meat. to substitute other seafood- substitute shrimp or vegetable broth for lobster broth.
Name:Scandinavian Seafood Platter	Recipe:Place the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Place over high heat and bring to the boil. Cook, covered, for 15 minutes or until tender. Drain potatoes and set aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Cut into 1cm-thick slices and place in a bowl. Add the oil, mustard and capers and gently toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, combine the cucumber, vinegar, salt and sugar in a small bowl and set aside for 10 minutes to develop the flavours. Combine the prawns and chopped dill in small bowl. Arrange the potato salad, cucumber salad, prawns, salmon, bread and lettuce on serving plates or platter. Serve immediately with mayonnaise, if desired.
Name:Christmas on the River Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Combine the water, lemon, crab boil, and 1 tsp salt in a large Dutch oven; bring it to a boil. Add the shrimp, and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove and discard the lemon and crab boil. Remove the shrimp, reserving the water. Peel and devein the shrimp; chill. Cook the bacon in a large skillet until crisp; remove the bacon, reserving the drippings in the skillet. Crumble the bacon and set it aside. Add flour to the drippings in the skillet; cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the roux is caramel-colored (about 5 minutes). Watch the temperature and adjust it according to your stove -- do not burn the roux or you will have to start over. Once the roux is caramel colored, stir in the onion, green pepper and celery; cook over low heat for 10 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Add the roux mixture, ham, and the remaining ingredients EXCEPT rice, chilled shrimp and crumbled bacon to the reserved water in the Dutch oven. Bring to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer for 1 hour and 50 minutes. After about an hour and 40 minutes, start cooking your rice. Stir in the chilled shrimp and the crumbled bacon, and cook for 10 minutes. Remove and discard the bay leaves. Serve the gumbo over hot cooked rice. Garnish with sliced green onions and serve hot sauce on the side.
Name:Seafood and Portabella Mushrooms	Recipe:Sauté seafood and shallots in 3 tablespoons butter and seafood seasoning. Cook 5 minutes. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup chicken broth,salt and pepper. Set aside. Sauté mushrooms in 1 tablespoon of butter. Add to seafood. In another pan melt the remaining butter and add flour to make paste. Add milk, chicken broth, Emeril's Essence and tomato paste stir until smooth. Combine sauce and seafood mixture and place in a casserole or individual ramekins. Bake at 400F degrees for 30 minutes.
Name:Seafood Pie	Recipe:Put the smoked fish into a pan and cover with water. Simmer for 15 minutes. Drain and cool, then remove bones and skin. Put the halibut fillet in a pan and cover with water. Simmer for 15 minutes. Drain and cool. Flake the fish and put in a bowl. Drop the prawns into a pan of boiling water and cook until they float. Drain and rinse under cold water. Peel and add the prawns to the flaked fish. Repeat with scallops. Boil the peeled potatoes for 20 minutes. Drain and dry off over high heat for a minute. Season with salt and pepper and 2 tbsp butter, then mash. Meanwhile, make a roux by melting 2 tbsp butter and adding the flour. Cook for about one minute. Whisk the fish stock ( a little at a time) into the roux until smooth. Cook over a low heat for 10 minutes. Melt the rest of the butter in another saucepan. Add the leeks and mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes -- do not brown them. Add to the fish and stir in the chopped herbs. Pour the sauce over the fish and fold together. Spoon into an oven proof dish and spoon the mashed potatoes on the top. Smooth level and cook in a preheated 375 degree oven for 30 minutes.
Name:Curried Seafood Salad	Recipe:Cook cauliflower in lightly salted boiling water for 5 minutes or until crisp tender. Drain and allow to cool. In large bowl combine mayonnaise, garam masala, paprika, chilli and green onions. Toss in the cauliflower and shrimp (prawns) and stir until coated. Chill until ready to serve. Serve on a bed of torn lettuce leaves with cilantro (coriander) leaves sprinkled over the top if desired.
Name:Oven Seafood Bake (Pesce Al Cartoccio)	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°F. Mix together butter, garlic, lemon zest and juice. Season halibut with salt and pepper. Divide half of the butter mixture between the 2 steaks and spread it over one side. Sprinkle flour into large oven roasting bag (about 12 by 18 inch size) and shake bag to dust inside with flour. Place bag in a 10 by 15-inch baking pan, about 2 inches deep. Place halibut steaks side by side, buttered side down, in the bag. Arrange shrimp on top of fish, then top with clams and dot with remaining butter. Seal bag with twist tie according to manufacturer's instructions, and cut 4 to 6 small slits in top. Place in preheated oven and bake 30 to 40 minutes or until clams have opened. Slash top of bag just enough to remove food without losing juices. With slotted spoon, lift out clams and set aside. With slotted spatula, lift out fish and shrimp and place on a warm serving platter and surround with clams; keep warm. Pour cooking liquid into a wide pan, add cream and cook over high heat until liquid is reduced to about 3/4 cup. Garnish fish with parsley and pass sauce to pour over each serving.
Name:Seafood Parrillada	Recipe:In large skillet add the oil and heat. Add onions, saute until soft.  Add salmon and cook for 10 minutes. Add remaining veggies and the soy sauce and wine and cook for another 3 minutes. Add all of the seafood ingredients and Old Bay Seasoning and cook for 3 -5 minutes or until shrimp are done, Do not overcook or your shrimp will be tough and rubbery. Serve with rice, salad, and tortillas.
Name:Lasagna Cupcakes Wih Seafood	Recipe:Warm milk in a sauce pan. Add seafood and simmer till just shrimp turns pink. Remove seafood and set aside. Remove shells form shrimp and add back to milk simmer 5 minutes. Strain discard shells. In a saucepan melt butter over medium heat whisk in flour when combined whisk in milk and cook and whisk for 5 minutes. Season with old bay, garlic powder and pepper. Break or cut cooked seafood into pieces and add to cream. Set aside. Mix cheese ingredients together. Setting aside 1/2 cup cheese for topping. Place wonton wrappers in bottom of pan. Layer with cheese and the seafood, Pressing down the next layer and repeat layering till all is used. Ending with seafood. Top with reserved cheese. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake 20 minutes on a cookie sheet pan. Let rest 10 minutes. Serve with a garnish of fresh lemon wedge.
Name:Seafood Paella (Avec Eric)	Recipe:Heat a large cast iron or stainless steel paella pan (or the equivalent) over medium high heat and add the olive oil; cook chorizo to render the fat, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat and sdd onions, garlic, saffron, and turmeric and allow the onions to sweat until softenen, but not browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in the rice to coat with oil and lightly toast, about 3 minutes. Add chicken stock and cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, adding water if the mixture becomes dry. Stir in the peas, then nestle the bass in the rice; let cook until the fish just starts to get opaque, 5 minutes. Arrange the cockles or clams in a patter, placing the hinges down into the rice so that they open nicely; then place the mussels around in a similar manner. Turn the fish portion, then place the shrimp in a pattern as well; arrange the pepper strips like wheel spokes. Cook another 5 minutes, then turn the shrimp over; arrange the calamari all around. Once the shells are all open (discard those that fail to open), the seafood should all be opaque and cooked through; sprinkle with parsley and arrange the lemon wedges around the outer edge of the pan.
Name:Seafood on a Cracker (Appetizers)	Recipe:Boil shrimp until fully cooked. Chop into small pieces. Mix crab and shrimp in a small bowl. Add cream cheese and mayo and stir. Fold in dill weed and chopped onion. Spoon seafood mixture onto the crackers and serve.
Name:Seafood Lasagna Alfredo	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350 deg. F. Melt butter in medium saucepan over low heat; add garlic. Remove from heat. Stir in flour, stir until smooth. Stir in milk and broth and return to heat. Bring to boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low. Stir in mozzarella, onions, basil and oregano. (add SALT if desired). Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until cheese is melted. Set aside. Beat egg, and add ricotta. Mix till smooth. Add pepper, garlic powder and onion powder. Spread a thin layer (about 1 cup) of cheese sauce in 13x9-inch baking dish. Top with 3 or 4 uncooked noodles. Spread 1/2 of ricotta cheese over noodles. Sprinkle all of spinach over cheese, trying to avoid clumps. Sprinkle with 1/2 of shrimp and crab. Pour about 1 cup cheese sauce over, and top with 3-4 uncooked noodles. Repeat layers with remaining ricotta cheese, seafood and a final layer of uncooked noodles. Top with all of remaining cheese sauce. Sprinkle with parmesan or romano cheese. Bake, uncovered for about an hour. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.
Name:Seafood Seasoning Mix	Recipe:Mix dry ingredients together using a fork or place in a jar, cover and shake it thoroughly. Store in tightly covered container.
Name:Spicy Seafood Jambalaya	Recipe:Heat the olive oil in a large flame proof pan with a lid. Saute onion, bacon, capsicum and garlic for 5 minutes or until soft. Stir in thyme, cayenne pepper, spice mix. Cook for 2 minutes then add the rice. Add the tomato paste, tomatoes, chicken stock and wine and bring to the boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 10-15 minutes or until rice is just tender and liquid has been absorbed. Add the shrimps, mussels, fish and cook covered for further 3 minutes until seafood is cooked through and mussels have opened. (Discard any that have not opened). Stir in the coriander, season to taste and serve immediately.
Name:Baked Seafood Ravioli	Recipe:Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a 9x13 casserole dish with non-stick cooking spray. Cook Ravioli in salted boiling water as directed on bag. Drain well. Combine alfredo sauce, crab, shrimp, pepper, sherry (if using), Old Bay, salt/pepper and 1 cup of the cheese. Gently combine the cooked ravioli and the sauce mixture, trying to not break the ravioli. Carefully pour into the prepared casserole pan. Cover loosely with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Top with remaining cheese and bake uncovered for an additional 15 minutes or till the cheese is melted and the sauce is hot and bubbley. Prep time does not include boiling the ravioli. Hope you enjoy!
Name:Red Seafood Sauce	Recipe:Saute onion in olive oil over medium heat until translucent, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and shallot and saute for three to five minutes. Add red pepper, salt and pepper and saute for a minute or two. Add tomatoes, wine, thyme and bay leaf and cook, over low heat, for 15 - 30 minutes. Add shrimp just before serving and either cook until pink, if fresh, or simply heat through. Toss in 3/4 lb cooked linguine.
Name:Shallot- Butter Sauce for Seafood BBQ	Recipe:Put 2 tbsp butter in fry pan and sauté the shallots until transparent& golden 5 minutes. Whisk in the beer, vinegar, lemon juice& cayenne. Heat 2-3 minutes until bubbly and kind of syrupy. Cut remaining butter into table spoons and over very low heat (barely warm) adding a tbsp at a time whisking it into the sauce. Add the next piece only after the previous one has melted inches. Remove sauce from heat and whisk in the hot sauce and parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the sauce barely warm with your favorite seafood.
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Combine onions, celery and garlic with butter; microwave 10 minutes. In large saucepan stir together chopped potatoes, chicken broth, clam juice as well as juice for canned clams, and onion mixture. Cook until potatoes are almost tender. Add chopped fish and seafood; simmer 8 minutes. Combine flour with milk; add this to the choder with the cream. Simmer until thickened flavour are combined. Add seasonning. Taste the Best. Serve with a crusty bread.
Name:Seafood Stock	Recipe:Warm the oil in the pan over medium heat. Add the shrimp shells, onions, carrots, and celery over medium heat for 15 minutes, until lightly browned. Add the garlic and cook 2 more minutes. Add 1 1/2 quarts of water, the white wine, tomato paste, salt, pepper, and thyme. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 1 hour. Strain through a sieve, pressing the solids. You should have approximately 1 quart of stock. If not, you can make up the difference with water or white wine.
Name:Creamy Seafood Lasagna	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350. Have a rectangular lasagna pan handy. In a saucepan, melt butter and add garlic. Stir in flour and cook until smooth. Gradually whisk in the milk until smooth. Stir in the parmesan cheese and ONLY 1 CUP of the mozzarella. Add dill. Stir until melted, smooth and thickened. SET ASIDE 1 CUP OF THIS SAUCE TO POUR OVER TOP OF FINISHED LASAGNA. In a small bowl, beat together ricotta, egg, salt, scallion and spinach (or broccoli). In a separate small bowl, toss together the shrimp and scallops. Spread a thin layer of the cheese sauce on the bottom of the lasagna pan. Place 3 lasagna noodles across the bottom. Spread 1/3 of the ricotta/spinach mixture over noodles. Sprinkle 1/3 of the shrimp/scallop combo over top. Spread 1/3 cheese sauce over that. Repeat these layers two more times. End with the last 3 lasagna noodles. Evenly top with the reserved 1 cup of cheese sauce and the remaining 1 cup of mozzarella cheese. Sprinkle chopped dark green parts of scallions over top; if desired. Cover with non-stick foil and bake for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake for an additional 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for at least 20 minutes before cutting to serve.
Name:Curried Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Melt butter in a dutch oven or large pot. Over medium-high heat, sauté mushrooms and onion until tender, about 5 minute. Stir in curry powder and flour, then stir in next 8 ingredients (evaporated milk through sugar) plus 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil. Add shrimp and scallops, return to boiling and then immediately reduce heat to a simmer. Let simmer, stirring often (including scraping bottom of pan), until shrimp begin to curl and scallops turn opaque, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and immediately stir in the remaining ingredients. Let stand 10 minutes, then serve.
Name:Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:*Make seafood stock from 2 teaspoons salt, shrimp heads and shells, crab bodies,(fish carcasses or all of the  above for stock) along with the carrots, celery and onions.Bring to a boil 4 quarts of water, lower heat to mid heat 45 m -1hour. Strain the stock, discarding solids. Cook okra in the butter/oil blend in a large, heavy stainless steel pot over medium heat, stirring  and  scraping until some of the sliminess is gone; about 10-15 minutes. At same time make Roux by blending 1/3 cup flour with 1/3 cup oil keep stirring on mid heat until brown – darkish brown. In another pan fry, onions, celery, garlic, peppers, lemon, the seasonings and herb mix for 10 minute. Add tomato and tomato paste and cook over low to medium heat for about 15 minute. add okra and Roux together . then add to veggie mix for 15 minute stirring and scraping often. Very slowly blend the stock into the mixture. Simmer about 30 minute. Add crab and shrimp and simmer 10 to 15 minutes. Add oysters and simmer about 5 minutes. Add green onions. Cook desired amount of white parboiled rice and place in a soup bowl. Pour desired amount of the gumbo over cooked rice. You can play with the amounts to your liking but this is absolutely cant miss. you can play with the volume of seafood to your liking, This is a large volume for a fairly big crowd my suggestion is to leave the shrimp, crab and oysters out and jar/can the gumbo as a base for when you are ready for it and then once boiling add the seafood.
Name:Seafood Thai Curry	Recipe:Fry mixed seafood until 90% cooked. Meanwhile, fry shrimps in another saucepan until 90% cooked. Season all seafood with salt. Mince and mash the ginger. Warm curry paste and pour in coconut milk. Cook sauce with seafood, shrimp. Add all seasoning and spices and simmer for 5 minutes. Use the remaining coconut milk in the can to cook with rice or make dessert.
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:In bottom of stock pot, heat olive oil on medium heat. Brown onions and garlic. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Do not bother to cut up the fish; it will disintegrate as the soup cooks, leaving you with lovely chunks of fish to enjoy by the spoonful. You may wish to remove the tails from the shrimp, though I leave them on for visual appeal. Reduce heat to medium low and simmer for about 15-20 minutes until the soup is the consistency you like (I prefer a fairly thick consistency). You may wish to add a tablespoon of flour or cornstarch as a thickening agent. Stir frequently. Garnish with fresh parsley, a few spoonfuls of grated parmesan, and/or some crispy garlic croutons. Options: I'd like to try this with potatoes, but didn't have any on hand. Milk would also probably be a great addition (as a substitute for part or all of the water) if you would like a creamier chowder.
Name:Seafood Mornay - Good Crepe Filler	Recipe:Soak (or defrost) the scallops in the milk for an hour. Then remove scallops from the milk and save the milk for your mornay. Chop up the fish, prawn flesh, scallops and shallots. Using oil pan fry the fish, remove and set aside, the prawns, remove and set aside, the scallops, remove and set aside and the shallots. In a separate pan, to make the mornay sauce, add butter and melt, stir in about 4-5 tablespoons of flour and mix into a paste. Slowly add the milk mixing as you go. Continue to stir until heating towards a boil and start adding the cheese to thicken. Add white wine, continue stirring and add the shallots and the cooked seafood. Stir through to blend the flavours. Add salt & pepper to taste. Serve over cooked steamed rice.
Name:Ritzy Seafood Casserole	Recipe:Crush crackers and mix with melted butter. Cover the bottom of a 9x11" baking pan with 1/2 the mixture. Place fish over crumbs. Mix soup, wine and hot sauce and pour over fish. Top with remaining cracker mix. Bake at 350 F for 35 minutes.
Name:Low Country Seafood Boil	Recipe:Scrub clams, set aside. Fill a 5- or 6-gallon pot about 2 thirds full with water;bring to a boil. Add potatoes, onions, and salt; cover and cook over high heat 20 minutes. Add clams, crabs, crab boil, garlic, lemons, and vinegar; cook an additional 10 minutes. Add corn, and cook 5 minutes. Remove from heat, and add shrimp; let stand in water 5 minutes. Drain off water. Arrange boiled seafood and vegetables on a large serving platter. Serve with melted butter and cocktail sauce.
Name:Australian Seafood Platter	Recipe:Cut lobsters in half lengthwise. Unsing fingers, ease meat out of tails in one piece. Wash two shells, slice meat evenly, toss meat in lemon juice, pile meat into shells. Arrange on serving paltter. Shell prawns, remove back vein, place on platter. Sprinkle a little red caviar on each oyster, place on platter. Roll up salmon, place on serving platter, garnish with a few capers and onion rings. Decorate seafood platter with wedges of lemon, wedges of avocade tossed in french dressing and sprigs of watercress or parsley. Serve with your choice of sauces; we use bought Thousand Island and Tartare Sauce.
Name:Yummy Seafood Pasta Salad	Recipe:Cook pasta according to package directions. In a medium saucepan (for the shrimp), bring water to boil. Place shrimp in boiling water. Return to Boil. Remove from Heat. Peel/Devein shrimp. In a large bowl, mix crab and veggies together well. In a medium bowl, combine ingredients for dressing. Whisk until well blended and smooth. Add hot cooked pasta, and mix all ingredients together well.
Name:Spicy Seafood Stew	Recipe:In a 5-qt. slow cooker, combine the first eight ingredients. Cover and cook on low for 4-1/2 to 5 hours or until potatoes are tender. Stir in the water, scallops and shrimp. Cover and cook for 15-20 minutes or until scallops are opaque and shrimp turn pink.
Name:Spinach Seafood Bake	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350*. Saute shrimp, scallops and spinach in a lightly greased skillet for 10 mins, remove from heat. Add artichoke hearts, mayonnaise, sour cream, cheeses and garlic. Stir all together gently. Put into a baking dish.( Can be made a day ahead if wrapped tightly in cling film and refrigerated ). Whan ready to serve, top with the breadcrumbs and bake for 10 mins until golden.
Name:Seafood Pasta Salad	Recipe:Combine the pasta, 1/2 cup green onions, shrimp, crab, and green and red bell peppers in a large serving bowl and toss to combine well. In another bowl, mix the mayo, lemon juice, and Tabasco until well combined. Mix the dressing with the pasta combination and toss gently. Season with salt. Serve on the lettuce leaves on individual salad plates and top with with chopped green onions. Garnish with lemon wedges, strawberries and chopped fresh parsley if desired.
Name:Seafood Rotini Salad for 25	Recipe:Cook pasta in salted water, drain and rinse with cold water, drain and cool. Mix in imitation crab, celery, onions and pepper, mixing well. Combine, mayonnaise, relish, mustard, salt and pepper, mix well.
Name:One Pot Seafood Boil	Recipe:In a large pot (5 qt) over medium heat saute onion in olive oil until light brown. add garlic, pepper flakes, pepper and salt, continue to saute for a few more minutes. Add wine and cook until reduced by half (about 20 to 30 minutes). Add broth. From this point cover tightly. Add potatoes and sausage, cook 10 minutes. Add corn and herbs, continue to cook until corn is tender but crunchy. Add seafood, starting with the items that take longest to cook. Serve immediately in large bowls. Serve with day or two old crusty bread (French etc.). You'll want to mop up all the juice.
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:In a soup pot, render the salt pork until just crisp, remove and discard. cook the onion, celery, and carrots in the pork fat until tender. add the potatoes, okra, corn, clams+juice, and fish. cover with milk and heavy cream. add basil, old bay, salt&pepper. bring to boil and let simmer until potatoes are soft. add chopped parsley.
Name:Seafood/Crab Sticks With Chilli Sauce	Recipe:Sift flour and soda into bowl and gradually add water and mix to a smooth thin batter of coating consistency. Dipped thawed crab/seafood sticks into batter and then drop into hot oil and fry until golden brown and then drain on absorbent paper. Serve hot with Chilli Sauce as a dipping sauce. CHILLI SAUCE - combine all ingredients in a small saucepan, stir over a gentle heat until heated through.
Name:Rich’s Sopa De Mariscos (Mexican Seafood Soup)	Recipe:With a mortar and pestle (or molcajete if you have one!), crush cumin seed. Add chopped garlic and chopped jalapeño and crush into a paste. Add a little water to free the spices.  Add olive oil to a heavy-bottom cooking pot or Dutch oven. Saute onions. Add tomatoes and peppers and continuing sauteing until tender. Add all the rest of the ingredients except seafood and cilantro. Bring to full boil, cover, and simmer gently for 40 minutes. Add fish and cilantro, and gently simmer an additional 15-20 minutes. Serve hot with chips and salsa.
Name:Seafood Lasagne	Recipe:Make roux with butter, garlic, flour, and salt. When bubbly remove from heat. Stir in milk and broth. Heat this until boiling. Continue to cook, while stirring constantly, for one minute or until thickened. Add onion, basil, and mozzarella. Cook over very low heat until cheese is melted. Spread 1 1/2 cups of this mixture on bottom of 9X13 inch pan. Top with 3 or 4 UNcooked lasagne noodles. Spread cottage cheese over this. Repeat with another quarter of the sauce and 3 or 4 more noodles. Top this with crab and shrimp and another quarter of the sauce. Add 3 or 4 more noodles and top with remaining sauce. Sprinkle parmesan on top. Bake uncovered at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes before cutting.
Name:Seafood Lettuce Rolls	Recipe:Cut large lettuce leaves in half down centre vein. In bowl, flake salmon along with juices and well mashed bones. Split chili pepper in half lengthwise, discard seeds and vein, finely chop and mix into yogurt. On narrow end of each lettuce piece, place 1 tablespoon flaked salmon, top with 1 or 2 shrimp, then approximately 2 tablespoons alfalfa sprouts, dollop of yogurt and 1 or 2 cilantro leaves, if using. Roll into cylinder shape.
Name:Spicy Seafood Bisque	Recipe:In a large saucepan, saute the onion and celery in butter until tender. Add broth, tomato juice, tomatoes, Worcestershire sauce and seasonings. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Add pasta to the soup; cook, uncovered, until tender. Add shrimp and crabmeat; simmer 5 minutes longer or until the shrimp turns pink.
Name:Seafood Salad/Crab Salad Spread	Recipe:Mix cream cheese and seafood salad. On a dinner sized plate, mold mixture into a ring, leaving room on outside of ring for crackers. Pour cocktail sauce in the middle of ring. Chill until served. Arrange cracker assortment around plate, outside of salad ring.
Name:Vietnamese Seafood Curry	Recipe:Heat oil in a heavy-based saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic, shallots and carrot and cook, stirring, for 1-2 minutes or until soft. Add lemongrass, chillies and curry powder and cook for 3 minutes or until fragrant. Add coconut milk, 1 cup water and fish sauce to the pan and bring to a simmer. Add fish and simmer gently, partially covered, for 3 minutes. Stir in prawns and peas and simmer gently, partially covered, for 2 minutes or until seafood is tender. Serve scattered with basil leaves, with steamed rice and lime wedges.
Name:Seafood Starter	Recipe:Juice one lemon. Slice celery and green onions thinly. Mix crabmeat, prawns, celery, green onions, mayonnaise and lemon juice. Chill for 1 hour or more in the refridgerator before assembling the dish. To assemble dish: Slice the other two lemons and the 4 hard boil eggs into quarters. Place crisp lettuce leaves on 4 plates, make a ring of the the quarter eggs, place fish mixture in center and garnish with lemon quarters.
Name:Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Heat oil in large skillet or pot over medium high heat. Stir in flour; cooking until smooth and darkened to the color of a penny). Stir in next 11 ingredients (thyme - garlic) and cook until vegetables are tender (about 20-30 minutes -- my okra was still frozen when I added it, so it probably took a bit longer to cook than if I used fresh or thawed okra). Remove from heat and let cook for at least 30 minutes -- I did this part way ahead so mine cooled for over an hour. In a large soup pot bring chicken broth, clam juice and reserved shrimp shells (don't forget the shells - they add lots of flavor) to a boil and then cook for 10 minutes or so. Remove shells and discard. Stir in vegetable mixture into broth and cook until thickened over medium heat. Stir in tomatoes, seafood (oysters - shrimp) and simmer 20-30 minutes -- but this can be kept warm over very low heat (I kept mine warm for over an hour and it was wonderful). Serve over rice and sprinkle with green onions, if desired.
Name:Spicy Seafood and Penne	Recipe:Chop the onion. Mince the garlic. Peel and devein the shrimp, and cut in half lengthwise. Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Add onion and garlic and cook about 2 minutes, until onion is translucent. Stir in both cans of tomatoes (with juice), salt, crushed red pepper, and black pepper. Crush tomatoes with a fork and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 30 minutes. While sauce is cooking, bring a large pot of water to boil and cook penne for about 9 minutes, until slightly underdone. Drain and set aside. In a large, deep skillet, melt the butter. Add shrimp and cook over medium heat 2-3 minutes, just until pink. Add scallops and stir 10 seconds, just until outsides are white. Remove skillet from heat. Add pasta, sauce, peas, 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese, and basil. Stir to mix well. Grease a 13x9 baking dish. Spoon pasta mixture into dish and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Cover with foil and bake at 350 degrees for 35 minutes. Uncover and bake 10 minutes longer, until heated through and top is lightly browned.
Name:Beach Bar Special - Aussie Seafood Salad	Recipe:GET THE EGGS COOKING: Bring a small pan of water to the boil. Gently lower in the eggs and boil for 8 minutes, then lift them out and plunge them into a bowl of cold water until you need them. MAKE THE DRESSING: Whisk together the olive oil, lime juice and sweet chilli sauce in a small bowl. Finely slice the spring onions on the diagonal, then mix them into the dressing. LAYER UP THE DISH: Shell the eggs and slice into rounds. Pull the lettuce apart and divide the leaves between two plates. Spoon the sweetcorn on top of the lettuce and scatter the tomato halves on top. Finish with the prawns and egg slices and douse everything with the chilli dressing.
Name:Chilled Spicy Seafood Sauce	Recipe:Whisk together all ingredients. Refrigerate until needed.
Name:Thai Seafood Soup	Recipe:Shell prawns and reserve heads. Chop the squid into bite size pieces or strips. combine the prawn heads and stock, slowly bring to the boil, simmer uncovered for 30 minutes. Cool, strain the stock and throw away heads. Heat oil in pan, add onion, ginger, garlic, lemongrass and sauces, cook until the onion is soft. add the stock, seeds, juice, leaves,bring to the boil and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes, stir in coconut milk and sugar, simmer 5 more minutes. Just before serving add the seafood and simmer about 2 minutes until they are cooked. Cooking the squid longer will result in a rubbery squid.
Name:Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Cook onion, green pepper, mushrooms and garlic in margarine in large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium-high heat until tender crisp. Stir in tomatoes and juice, broth, red pepper, thyme, and basil. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer uncovered 10-15 minutes. Stir in okra, fish and shrimp; simmer until fish flakes with fork, 5-8 minutes. Serve rice on top of gumbo. Microwave Directions: Combine onion, green pepper, mushrooms, garlic and margarine in deep 2 to 3 quart microwave safe baking dish. Cover and cook on HIGH 4 minutes; stir after 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and juice, broth, red pepper, thyme and basil. Cover and cook on HIGH 10 minutes; stir. Reduce setting to MEDIUM and cook, covered, 10-12 minutes. Stir in okra, fish and shrimp; cook, covered, on HIGH 5 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes. Serve rice on top of gumbo.
Name:Lemony Seafood Risotto With Tarragon	Recipe:Spray non-stick cooking spray in a large deep skillet (or dutch oven). Heat over med-high heat. Saute' the scallops and shrimp, for about 2 minutes. Add the lemon zest and continue cooking until shrimp are pink and almost done. About 2 more minutes. Remove scallops, shrimp, and zest from skillet, set aside and cover immediately to finish cooking the seafood. Meanwhile, in the same skillet (do not wash or rinse), cook shallots and garlic until shallots are crisp-tender (adding more oil if necessary). Reduce heat to medium. Stir in rice and stir frequently until rice begins to brown. Stir in wine and cook until liquid is absorbed, stirring occasionally. Pour 1/2 cup of broth over rice mixture. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until liquid is absorbed. Continue cooking 15-20 min, adding broth 1/2 cup at a time and stirring occasionally until rice is tender and creamy. Add the lemon juice and tarragon. Gently stir in the scallops and shrimp. Serve with a garnish of parsley sprigs and lemon slices if desired.
Name:Creamy Seafood Sauce	Recipe:Melt butter and sauté the shallots. Stir in flour, add tomato juice and milk, stirring quickly. Bring to a boil, still stirring, then simmer for 1 minute. Stir in sherry and cream.
Name:Ww Seafood Paella	Recipe:Combine first 4 ingredients in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add green pepper, onion, and garlic; cook 3 to 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until lightly browned. Add rice and cook 1 miunute, stirring constantly. Stir in broth mixture and simmer, uncovered, 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in shrimp and remaining ingredients. Simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat; cover, and let stand 5 minutes.
Name:Seafood Chowder	Recipe:In a heavy 3 quart saucepan over medium heat, saute' onion, celery and garlic in butter for 5 minutes. Stir in vegetable juice, tomatoes with juice, water, tomato paste, macaroni, bouillon granules, parsley, basil, thyme and hot pepper sauce. Bring to a boil and boil for 4 minutes. Add the Shrimp and Cod. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 8 minutes or until fish is opaque and macaroni is tender. Stir in clams with liquid and lemon juice. Heat through.
Name:Seafood and Pasta Salad	Recipe:Bring water to boil in a large pot. Add pasta to boiling water and cook uncovered for 8 minutes or until tender but still firm. Mix cucumber,mayo, lemon juice, dillweed and garlic in a large bowl. Add the seafood. Thirty seconds before draining pasta, add snow peas. Pour pasta and snow peas into colander; plunge colander in very cold water to chill contents. Drain Well. Add to dressing and stir to coat. I like to refrigerate for a couple of hours to blend flavors. Tastes geat the second day too.
Name:Zwicker Inn Seafood Chowder	Recipe:Parboil potatoes 10 minutes, drain and set aside. Fry onion in butter until transparent. Add thyme, celery salt. In large pot heat up heavy cream slowly. poach haddock and scollops in heavy cream. (do not allow to boil). Add sour cream to frying pan with celery salt, thyme and onion. stir sour cream mixture into cream/fish in pot. Add milk,potatoes and lobster to pot. Continue to heat on medium until heated through. Season to taste and sprinkle with paprika for a nice color. Serve with fresh hot rolls. Enjoy! Don't be afraid to use whatever seafood you have or can get. I very often add shrimp(at poaching stage), if I can't get lobster, etc. As long as the overall amount of seafood remains the same.
Name:Low Carb Seafood Cocktail Sauce	Recipe:Stir together and serve.
Name:Seafood Risotto	Recipe:Heat wine and broth in large heavy saucepan to boiling. Add mussels, cover pan, and cook just until mussels open, about 4 minutes. Remove mussels to bowl with slotted spoon and let cool. Remove mussels from shells and discard shells. Meanwhile, reduce heat under saucepan and add shrimp shells to broth. Simmer covered 15 minutes. Strain through sieve lined with several layers of cheesecloth. Measure broth and add enough wine and water to measure 4 cups. Transfer to saucepan and keep hot over very low heat. Heat 2 T. butter and the oil in large saucepan over low heat. When butter foams, stir in onion and cook until tender and golden, about 15 minutes. Add rice to onion, increase heat to medium, and cook, stirirng constantly, until edges of grains are transparent, about 5 minutes. Pour enough broth into rice to cover by 1/4 inch. Adjusting heat to maintain a lively simmer (not steady boil), simmer, stirring constantly, until liquid is absorbed and you can see bottom of pan as you stir, about 5 minutes. Add more broth to cover rice by 1/4 inch and continue to simmer, stirring constantly, until liquid is absorbed. Repeat adding broth and simmering until rice is tender but still slightly firm at the center; add shrimp and scallops after 15 minutes of cooking (it should take about 20 minutes from time first liquid is added). Season to taste and with salt and pepper halfway through cooking. Stir enough of the remaining broth mixture into risotto to make it creamy. Remove from heat and stir in mussels, remaining butter, the parsley, and cheese. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve hot.
Name:Seafood Lasagna Roll Ups!	Recipe:Cook noodles as directed on package. Rinse in cold water; drain well. For sauce combine tomato sauce, Italian seasoning, and garlic. For filling combine crab, cottage cheese, Parmesan, egg parsley and onion powder. Thoroughly combine filling ingredients with fork. Spread 1/3 cup filling on each noodle. Roll tightly; place seam-side down in a 9-inch square baking pan. Pour sauce over rollups. Bake covered at 375F for 30 minutes. Garnish with additional grated cheese.
Name:Seafood Etouffee	Recipe:Saute Vegetables in butter. Add seasonings and soups. Simmer about 10 minutes. Add seafood. Either cook briefly, about 5 minutes, after adding the seafood, or simmer a long time until seafood is tender. Serve over rice.
Name:Olive Garden Seafood Portofino - Lower Fat!	Recipe:PORTOFINO SAUCE: Start by getting your ingredients ready. Dice the onion. Melt butter on medium heat. Add diced onion and garlic, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes until onion is soft. Add white wine. Turn up heat to high until boiling then back down to medium. Cook 5 minutes on medium. Stir in clam juice, shrimp stock, and Old Bay Seasoning. Stir together milk and half-and-half. Add cornstarch to this mixture, 1 tablespoon at first. Stir milk mixture in slowly, allowing the sauce to thicken. Add about half at first, slowly, while stirring. If you'd like a thicker sauce, add more cornstarch to milk mixture. Continue to add milk mixture slowly, making sure that sauce is the desired thickness. The sauce is now ready! It can be store for up to one week in the refrigerator. I like to freeze it in ice cube trays and use whenever I like. Seafood Portofino: Heat oil in saute pan over medium flame. Put mushrooms inches Cook 2 minutes. Add mussels, and cook 30 seconds. Add shrimp, crawfish, and scallops. Cook until heated through, stirring. Add portofino sauce; cook until bubbling throughout. Move mushrooms and seafood to one side of pan. Add linguine to other side. Using tongs, coat pasta with sauce (mussels should be open).
Name:Low Calorie Seafood Dip With Walnuts	Recipe:Blend all ingredients except nuts, and paprika until well mixed. Spread in slow cooker, sprinkle with nuts and paprika. Cook on low for 3 hours.
Name:Baked Haddock and Seafood	Recipe:Preheat the oven to 375F, line a roasting pan with parchment. Lay fish fillets in a single layer on the bottom of the dish, then top with scallops and shrimp. Pour the white wine and lemon juice overtop of the seafood. In a bowl, toss butter, cracker crumbs, garlic powder, black pepper and lemon zest. Sprinkle over the seafood. Bake 15 minutes, then turn the broiler to HI and broil 2 minutes, until browned.
Name:Mariscada En Salsa Verde (Seafood Stew in Green Sauce)	Recipe:Cook tomatillos in boiling water for about 3 minutes (they will change color), cool off in cold water for a couple of minutes, then chop in a food processor. Add onions and garlic to food processor and coarsely puree. Heat oil in a large saucepan and saute puree until onions are tender, about 5 minutes (I know this is hard to tell, but use your nose; the puree will smell strongly of onions, but once done, the aroma will be lessened). Stir in coconut milk, chicken stock, wine, and parsley; season with salt and pepper and hot sauce. Cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over medium high heat; add shrimp and saute until slightly seared, but not necessarily cooked through (will finish in the sauce), about 1 minute per side; set aside. Saute scallops until seared, about 2 minutes per side (will also finish in sauce); set aside. Wipe out skillet and add about 1/4 cup water and and lobster tails; cover and let steam about 3 minutes; snip in half, lengthwise, with kitchen shears, and set aside. Add clams to skillet, cover and cook clams, shaking occasionally, until one opens, then add mussels. Re-cover and cook, while shaking pan occasionally, until all shells open. Add seafood, including squid (calamari) to salsa verde and heat through, about 10 minutes. Serve with optional garnishes. ------------------------------------------OR---------------------------------------------. Once, salsa verde is finished simmering, pour it into an oven-safe covered casserole (a pretty one for serving). Add seafood, stir, cover, and bake at 325 degrees F until bubbly, about 30 minutes. Bring to the table in the casserole dish; pass optional garnishes.
Name:Mini Seafood Cakes With Creamy Lemon Sauce	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°. Grease or butter 18 cups of muffin pans; set aside. In a bowl, combine the canned salmon, crabmeat, onion, eggs, bread crumbs, Worcestershire sauce and Liquid Smoke. Mix thoroughly. With a large spoon, gather bits of the salmon mixture (about the size of a golf ball) and drop into a cup of the prepared muffin pan. With your fingers or back of a spoon, flatten them into the muffin cup. Brush your fingers (or spoon) across the tops so they are smooth and even. Bake at 350° for 20-25 minutes, or until the edges are very lightly browned. While the cakes are baking, mix together the sour cream, lemon juice and lemon pepper until well blended and creamy. Store in refrigerator until ready to serve. Remove pan from the oven, and let cakes cool for about 15-20 minutes. Remove cakes and transfer to serving platter. Serve with Creamy Lemon Sauce.
Name:Seafood Casserole *for Those Who Don\u0027t Like Seafood*	Recipe:Set oven to 375 degrees. Prepare rice according to directions. Meanwhile, in a large bowl combine seafood, onion, broccoli, celery, orange/yellow pepper, and carrots. In a small bowl, mix together mayonnaise, milk or half and half, cream of celery soup, worcestershire sauce, onion powder, salt, and pepper. Combine mayonnaise mixture with seafood/vegetable combination. Add rice and stir. Spread contents into greased 9x13 dish. Top with cheddar cheese, then breadcrumbs or crushed crackers. Bake uncovered for 40-45 minutes.
Name:Seafood Cocktail Sauce	Recipe:Combine all ingredients. Keep in refrigerator till ready to serve.
Name:Dee\u0027s Cauliflower and Seafood Salad	Recipe:Break up the cauliflower into bite size pieces. Chop the crab meat into bite size pieces. Add the rest of ingredients. Chill and eat. You can put this mixture on chopped lettuce to make a larger salad also.
Name:Seafood Tagine	Recipe:Combine first 7 ingredients in a large bowl. Place snapper fillets in a 13- x 9-inch baking dish; pour parsley mixture evenly over fillets. Cover and chill 2 hours, turning once. Combine tomato, garlic, and cumin in a large saucepan; place over medium heat. Bring to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer, uncovered, 8 minutes or until slightly thickened, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat, and add salt and pepper. (This mixture may be made 1 day ahead and chilled. Reheat before using.). Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add carrot and onion; top with tomato mixture. Cover and cook over medium heat 12 minutes or until carrot is tender. Remove from heat. Place fillets and parsley marinade on top of tomato mixture. Spread preserved lemon evenly over fillets. Sprinkle with olives. Cover and cook over medium heat 10 minutes or until fish flakes with a fork. Garnish, if desired. Yield. Makes 4 servings.
Name:Creamy Seafood Lasagna (Treasure Trove #5)	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°F. Heat margarine (or butter) in a 3 qt saucepan over low-heat till melted. Stir in the garlic, flour & salt. Cook (stirring constantly) till bubbly & remove from heat. Stir in the milk & broth. Return to heat source & bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Boil & stir for 1 minute. Add mozzarella cheese, onions, basil & pepper. Cook over low-heat (stirring constantly) till cheese is melted. Spread 1/4 of the cheese sauce (about 1-1/2 cups) in an ungreased oblong baking dish (13x9x2 in). Top w/3-4 uncooked noodles (overlap as necessary). Spread the cottage cheese over the noodles. Repeat with 1/4 of the cheese sauce & 3 noodles. Top w/crabmeat, shrimp, 1/4 of the cheese sauce & then w/the remaining 3 noodles & cheese sauce. Sprinkle evenly w/parmesan cheese. Bake (uncovered) till noodles are done (35-40 minutes). Let stand 15 min b4 cutting.
Name:Southwest Seafood Burritos	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350°F (175°C). Combine shrimp and shredded lobster/crab meat and mix well. Reserve 1/4-1/2 cup shredded cheese to top enchiladas with. Warm each tortilla before rolling (I put each one in the microwave on HIGH for 14 seconds) lay warmed tortilla on a flat surface. Place approximately 3/4 cup of seafood mixture across bottom third of tortilla; sprinkle some cheese on seafood mixture. Roll tortilla to halfway point carefully tucking seafood mixture inside. Fold in each side and finish rolling tortilla. Place rolled tortillas side by side in a 9x13-inch baking pan. When all tortillas have been rolled (enchiladas) and placed in pan, pour enchilada sauce over all of the enchiladas. The sauce should cover the enchiladas completely. Sprinkle the chopped green onion then the remaining cheese over the top of enchiladas. Cover and bake at 350°F (175°C) for 30 minutes. Uncover and cook an additional 15-20 minutes. Serve hot garnished with sour cream and additional green onions if desired.
Name:Seafood Creole	Recipe:1.Mix together oregano, salt, white pepper, black pepper, cayenne pepper, thyme, and basil in a small bowl; set aside. 2.Melt butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat; stir in tomato, onion, celery, green bell pepper, and garlic. Cook and stir until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. 3.Stir in chicken stock, tomato sauce, sugar, hot pepper sauce, and bay leaves. Reduce heat to low and bring sauce to a simmer. Stir in seasoning mix and simmer until the flavors have blended, about 20 minutes. 4.Gently stir in rock shrimp, bay scallops, and haddock; bring sauce back to a simmer and cook until the shellfish and fish are opaque, about 20 more minutes. Remove bay leaves to serve.
Name:Seafood Trio W/Shrimp, Scallops and Crab	Recipe:Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat olive oil in heavy-bottomed sauce pan over medium-low heat. Add scallion and a good pinch of salt. Cook about 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Do not allow to brown. Add flour and stir until all oil is absorbed, forming a heavy paste. Cook paste (this is a white roux with scallions in it at this stage) for about 2 minutes, stirring constantly to avoid browning. Add 1/2 of the clam juice, stirring well to incorporate and avoid lumping. Add 1/2 of the clam juice, repeating the process. Stir in the wine. Stir in the cream. Add cayenne and white pepper. Bring sauce to a very low simmer. Taste sauce and adjust salt to taste. (I usually add about 1/2 tsp, but salt varies so sneak up on it rather than use more than you like.). Test the thickness by dipping a spoon into the sauce and letting it run off. It should be just thick enough to coat and cling to the back of the spoon -- this is called "nappe" (pronounced "na-pay" by my culinary instructor but my college French professor would have said "nap",) in classical cooking. If it is too thick, add a bit more clam juice or cream until you get the desired thickness, and reheat to a very low simmer. Add parsley and stir to incorporate. Preheat 2 oval ramekins (we use about a 4"x6" size, but any oval large enough to contain 12 oz of seafood will work) by running them under hot water. Place 1/2 of shrimp in one end of each ramekin. Place 1/2 of crab in opposite end of each ramekin. Place 1/2 of scallops in the center of each ramekin. (Yes, you want the seafood separated into neat little sections. It works. Trust me.). Pour 1/2 of the sauce evenly over the contents of each ramekin. Don't worry if the sauce wants to stick on the top -- it will run down into the seafood as the "casserole" bakes. If desired, you can put a thin layer of panko to the top of each ramekin. (This is not how the original was done, but my sister likes a bit of contrast in her textures so I do this when I'm cooking for her as well, and it certainly doesn't hurt anything.). Bake for 20 minutes, or until the top begins to show signs of browning. If there is no sign of browning after 20 minutes, raise the shelf and turn your oven to broil. Broil for no more than 5 minutes! This depends on your oven, and if you cook the seafood too long, you will get rubbery seafood. Remove from oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes before serving.
Name:Big Daddy\u0027s Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Make a roux by melting the butter in a small sauce pan over low heat and gradually sprinkling in the flour and immediately start stirring constantly until it reaches a nice golden brown color. This may take 10- 20 minutes. Remove from heat and continue stirring until cool. If black specks appear it is burned and you will have to start over. Add onions, celery and peppers and roux to a large pot over medium heat and saute until the vegetables are tender. Add in water, rice, tomatoes, okras, seasonings, Worcestershire sauce and tomato sauce. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add fish, raw shrimp and crawfish. Add more seasonings if needed. Continue cooking for an additional 10 - 20 minutes. Add the mussels and simmer an additional 5 minutes, once the mussels open, they are ready. The longer this cooks the better it tastes.
Name:Inexpensive (But Tasty) Imitation Seafood Bake	Recipe:In a 3 quart saucepan, melt 3 Tbsp butter medium heat. Add flour and stir until you have a pasty consistency. Add salt. Stirring constantly, bring to a light golden color.  Add the milk all at once, whisking to blend and then stir almost constantly to keep the milk from sticking to the bottom of the pan. It will thicken, though it may take a few minutes. While stirring, add as much pepper as you like (I use a few twists of a pepper grinder. Add a couple of dashes of Tobasco, if using. Once mixture has thickened, remove from heat. I like the thickness to be such that if I dip a butter knife into it, the sauce clings but no thicker. If you need to thin it out, just add a small amount of milk.  Melt remaining tablespoon of butter in a smaller skillet and stir fry the imitation crab or lobster for a few minutes until just a little browned. Don't overcook.  Add seafood to white sauce and stir. Pour mixture into an oven pan - I used an 8x8 glass pan. Sprinkle cheese over top and put under the broiler for a few minutes just until the cheese starts to have little brown spots on it.  I served it over a slice of homemade wheat bread - but I suspect it would be delicious over an english muffin or other bread.
Name:Mixed Seafood Saute	Recipe:Melt butter and oil in lg skillet. Add all the seafood and cook and stir for 2 minutes. Add seasonings, mix well. Mix cream and sherry; add to skillet. Bring to a boil; cook 1 minute. Remove from heat and stir in the parmesan cheese.
Name:Seafood Pasta Salad With Creamy Strawberry Dressing	Recipe:Cook seashell pasta according to package directions and let stand in sink to cool and allow excess water to drain. Place cooled, drained pasta in a large salad bowl. Add the shrimp, crab, onion, celery, cheese, walnuts, tarragon and salt and pepper to the pasta. With a large spoon, gently mix the salad ingredients until well blended. With a potato masher. mash about 8 medium-size strawberries until you have 2/3 cup of mashed strawberries. (You can also puree them in a food processor if you want a thinner dressing.) Add yogurt and mix well. Then add 1-2 teaspoons or more (if desired) of sugar to reach desired sweetness. Stir well. Add the creamy strawberry dressing to the salad mixture, and blend thoroughly with a large spoon. Chill until ready to serve. For added color, garnish the top of the salad with any remaining strawberry halves.
Name:Baja Seafood Stew	Recipe:Cook & stir onion, chiles and garlic in oil in 6-quart Dutch oven until onion is tender.  Stir in remaining ingredients except for seafood.  Heat to boiling, reduce heat & simmer uncovered 15 minutes. Add clams; cover & simmer until clams open, 5-10 minutes. (Discard any clams that have not opened.). Carefully stir in shrimp, cod and crabmeat. Heat to boiling, reduce heat, cover & simmer until shrimp are pink and cod flakes easily with fork, about 4-5 minutes.
Name:Curried Seafood and Vegetables over Rice	Recipe:Cook the rice according to the package directions. Coat a 10" no-stick skillet with no-stick spray and place over medium-high heat until hot. Add the onions, peppers, carrots, celery, and scallions. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes, or until the vegetables are bright in color. Transfer to a medium bowl. To the skillet, add the cod, shrimp, wine or apple juice, soy sauce, garlic, curry powder, and salt. Cover and cook, stirring frequently, for 4 to 6 minutes, or until the fish and shrimp are opaque in the center. Check by inserting the tip of a sharp knife into the center of 1 cube and 1 shrimp. Add the vegetables to the skillet. Toss to combine. Heat through. Serve over the rice.
Name:San Francisco Seafood Stew	Recipe:In a large soup pot, heat the olive oil. Add the shallot and garlic and cook over high heat, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and boil until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the stock, clam juice, tomatoes, thyme, bay leaf and hot sauce and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Add the clams, cover and cook just until most of them open, about 5 minutes. Add the snapper and shrimp, cover and simmer until they are cooked through and the remaining clams have opened, 2 to 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the seafood to 4 bowls. Add the butter and parsley and cook over moderate heat for 1 minute, swirling the pan. Spoon the broth over the seafood and serve with sourdough toast, to sop all that goodness!
Name:Spicy Seafood \u0026 Meat over Rice	Recipe:Score the squid in a crisscross manner, then cut in pieces. Slice meat. Combine salt and cornstarch in medium bowl. Add squid, meat, and shrimp to cornstarch mixture and mix to coat. In small bowl combine sugar, vinegar, sesame oil, wine, soy sauces, ½ tablespoon , cornstarch, water, and green onion sections (green parts). Heat the oil in a frying pan or wok. Add the asparagus, mushrooms, red bell pepper, and one tablespoon of the water; cover and cook until steamy. Stir-fry briefly, then remove from pan or wok. Wipe wok dry. Heat 3 tablespoons oil to pan or wok. Add the garlic, dried chili peppers, and green onions (white parts). Stir-fry until garlic turns golden brown. Add squid, meat, and shrimp to pan or wok and stir-fry until separated and cooked. Add sugar, vinegar, soy, cornstarch, etc. mixture and return vegetables to pan or wok. Stir-fry to mix well. Place on top of rice and serve.
Name:Cocktail Sauce (Shrimp or Any Seafood)	Recipe:Mix all the ingredients together and chill.
Name:Seafood Trio With Fire Roasted Tomato Garlic Sauce	Recipe:add onion to olive oil over medium heat. cook until translucent. add garlic and cook for 1-2 minutes. add tomatoes and chicken stock. bring to a boil. add seafood to pot and cover. cook for 5-6 minutes or until mussels have opened and shrimp and scallops are opaque.
Name:Chilli, Salt and Pepper Seafood	Recipe:Shell and devein prawns leaving tails intact if you wish (I prefer to remove). Cut squid down centre to open out and score the inside in a diamond pattern and then cut into thick strips. Combine seafood, salt, pepper, five spice and chilli in large bowl. Heat half the oil in the wok, stir fry seafood in batches until cooked. Heat remaining oil in wok, stir fry peas until tender. Return seafood to wok and add soy sauce and stir fry till hot. Serve seafood with lime wedges.
Name:Seafood Dip	Recipe:blend cream cheese and sour cream. add spices and crab and shrimp. mix well. serve with crackers, bagel chips or melba toast.
Name:Seafood Fritters	Recipe:Sift flour, baking powder and salt into bowl. Add egg and sufficient milk to make a smooth batter. Stir fish (or prawns) into batter. Lightly oil frypan. Pour approximately 1/4 cup batter onto hot frypan base and cook over moderate heat until golden. Turn and cook other side.
Name:Odessa Sauce for Seafood	Recipe:Slice the mushroooms thinly, and fry lightly in some butter or a bit of oil. (You could use tinned, drained mushrooms). Melt butter in a small saucepan, and off the heat stir in the flour briskly with the back of a spoon until mixture is smooth. Keep off heat and mix in the wine, garlic, sugar, white pepper and salt. Return to the hob, and whisk over medium heat until it reaches boiling point and thickens. Simmer about 30 seconds, then take off heat. Drain any liquid off the mushrooms, and add mushrooms to the sauce. Stir to cool a little, and whisk in cream. Add parsley last. (It's a good idea to prepare the rice and seafood first, as this sauce can't wait too long in a warming oven. Put the rice on a heated platter, arrange seafood or fish on top, and pour over the sauce). *You can obviously use black pepper, but white pepper has almost been forgotten and can be quite nice in this sauce.
Name:Simple Seafood Stir Fry (Low Carb)	Recipe:In a medium bowl mix all ingredients except the oil and let sit for 5-10 minutes. In a wok or large pan heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the seafood mixture and stir fry until done, about 5 minutes. Enjoy with seasoned rice or salad if low carbing.
Name:Ray\u0027s Cafe Seafood Margarita	Recipe:Dice 2 of the jumbo prawns. Butterfly the remaining 2 prawns by cutting lengthwise down the backs. In a medium bowl, mix diced prawns, butterflied prawns, shrimp, crabmeat, lime segments, orange segments, mango, cilantro and lime juice. Season with salt to taste and marinate in refrigerator for 15 minutes. Line 2 chilled margarita glasses with radicchio and endive. Spoon mixture into glasses and garnish with corn chips and cilantro sprigs. Serve immediately.
Name:Simply Seafood Sauce	Recipe:Mix chili sauce with horseradish thoroughly. Add the lemon juice, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. If using, add hot sauce. Mix well, and refrigerate well before using. Keep refrigerated.
Name:Marinara, Seafood Pasta	Recipe:Cook and prepare enough pasta,for 4 people, your choice of pasta. Put Wine and water in a skillet, heat to simmer point. Add scallops and cook 1 minute, remove and drain. Heat oil in the skillet. Add tomatoes, garlic and tomato paste, stir until combined, cook 2 minutes. Add all the seafood to the pan and cook 1-2 minutes. Add parsley, mint and season with salt and pepper.
Name:Seafood Curry (Malu Curry)	Recipe:Break crabmeat or shrimp into pieces; set aside. To handle fresh chilies, cover your hands with rubber or plastic gloves; after handling, do not touch your face or eyes. Cut chilies open lengthwise; remove seeds and pith. Chop chilies. Heat oil in a large skillet. Add onion and garlic; sautè until golden. Stir in chopped chilies, curry powder and gingerroot. Stirring constantly, cook 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in coconut milk and leek. Simmer 10 minutes. Add crabmeat or shrimp, cod and lemon grass, if desired. Cook 10 minutes over low heat, shaking pan occasionally to prevent burning. Add tomatoes; cook 5 minutes longer. Season with lime or lemon juice; add enough water to moisten ingredients, if necessary. Serve with rice or couscous.
Name:Southern Seafood Gumbo	Recipe:Pour olive oil into a heated soup pot. Sauté the onion, bell pepper, and garlic in the oil until tender, but not over done. Add celery seed. Add V8 juice, tomato sauce, water, tomatoes, okra, and cayenne pepper. Bring to a boil and simmer about 10 minutes. Stir in fish and cook for approximately 8 more minutes. Add shrimp and cook for about 5 more minutes. Place a 1/2 cup mound of rice in bowl and ladle gumbo over the rice. Serve with a green salad and crusty bread and you have a full meal.
Name:Seafood Soy Sauce Marinade	Recipe:Combine all ingredients and whisk well.
Name:Seafood Tabbouli	Recipe:In heatproof bowl, add 1 cup boiling water to the bulgur; let stand 30 minutes. In a medium size saucepan, bring about 3/4 inch of salted water to a boil, add the scallops, lower the heat and let simmer 2 minute Drain and cool. Pour the bulgur into a colander lined with several layers cheesecloth or with a clean kitchen towel. Gather the ends of the cloth or towel together and squeeze out all the liquid. (Alternatively, you can drain in a close woven sieve.) Place bulgur in a large bowl, add parsley through scallions and toss well. Whisk together the dressing ingredients or shake in a jar to combine. Add dressing to the bulgur mixture, tossing to coat evenly. Chill 1 hour to overnight. If chilling longer than 1 hour, chill scallops and shrimp separately and just add to tabbouli 1 hour before serving.
Name:Creamy Seafood Cocktail Sauce	Recipe:Mix all ingredients in a bowl and chill. Serve as described in description above.
Name:Caribbean-Style Grilled Seafood Soup	Recipe:Over a hot fire, grill each kind of seafood separately. The shrimp will take approximately 3 to 4 minutes per side, the scallops 3 minutes per side, the kingfish 5 minutes per side, and the lobster 4 minutes per side. As each is done, remove it from the grill, and set aside. (Note: You are looking for the seafood to get some color on its surface: Don't worry too much about cooking it completely, since it will finish in the broth.). In a large saucepan or soup pot, heat the oil until very hot but not smoking. Sauté the onion and celery in the hot oil until clear, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, and sauté an additional minute. Add the wine, clam juice, cumin, and allspice to the pot, and bring to a simmer. Add the sweet potato, okra, and tomato, and continue to simmer for 30 minutes. At this point, add any of the seafood that is not completely cooked, and simmer for 4 more minutes. Just before serving, add the remainder of the seafood, and simmer for 1 minute, just to warm it through. Remove the pot from the heat and add salt and pepper to taste. Just before serving, toss in the lime juice, chili peppers, and cilantro, and stir briefly.
Name:Seafood - Prawn \u0026 Squid Stir-Fry	Recipe:Shell and de-vein the prawns. Clean the squid, lightly cut a check pattern in the flesh and cut into. 1in squares. Add the garlic, ginger, squid and prawns and mix gently. Put the cashews in the wok and cover with water, bring this to the boil. Discard the water and allow the nuts to drain. Heat the 2tbl oil in the wok and then add the cashews and stir-fry until    golden brown then allow to stand. Thinly slice the carrot and place in a saucepan with the drained bamboo shoots, cover in water and bring to the boil, simmer 1 min then drain. Cut the spring onions diagonally into 2cm lengths. Mix the soy sauce, sugar, corn flower and water. Heat 2tea sps oil in the wok and stir-fry the prawns and squid until the   squid starts to curl and the prawns change colour. Add the cashews, carrots and bamboo shoots and spring onions and stir-fry about 30 seconds. Add the water, soy etc and stir-fry until the sauce thickens.
Name:Monterey Seafood Stew	Recipe:Dry bass, shrimp and scallops on paper towels. Cut bass in 1 inch squares. Pick over scallops to remove any bits of shell. Place in a deep bowl, add wine and marinate 4 hours in refrigerator. Cook onions, peppers, celery and garlic in oil until tender but not browned. Add bay leaves, basil and thyme. Cook a minute or two to blend flavors. Add tomatoes and salt and pepper to taste. Cook uncovered 15-20 minutes, stirring now and then. Add marinated fish along with wine. Cook uncovered 6-8 minutes, just until fish is done. Add lobster, crab and clams. Heat thoroughly. Can serve over rice.
Name:Southwestern X-tra Thin Crust Seafood Pizza	Recipe:Paint the butter on the top of each tortilla paying attention to the outer edges, stack one tortilla on top of the other,press together& place the three tortillas on your pizza pan or pizza baking stone. Preheat oven to 400°F. Spread on the Black Bean Salsa, bring it out to the edges. Spread on the crab and prawns. Sprinkle on the dried onions and garlic. Then add the cheese, distributing it evenly. Pop into the pre heated oven for 20 minutes or until the cheese is bubbly and starting to brown. Enjoy (I hope).
Name:Avocado Stuffed With Seafood	Recipe:Prepare squid: Clean, remove tentacles, cut into 1/4 inch slices. Cook in boiling water for 4 min and drain immediately. Rinse with cold water. Dry on paper towel. Cut in small pieces. Cook scallops: In frying pan, add two tablespoon olive oil. When oil gets very hot, add garlic and scallops and cook till pink disappears (about 5 minutes). Cut in small pieces. Shrimp: Cut into 1/4 inch pieces. Crab: Cut into small pieces. Add above ingredients to large bowl. Add cucumber, onions, green pepper, tomatoes, dill and Italian dressing. Stir and refrigerate until at least 1 hour. Serve in 1/2 avocado. (Trim avocado bottom to lay flat.).
Name:Bright Seafood Stew for Two	Recipe:Blanch Roma Tomatoes for about 3 minutes - You can do this using the microwave, or a vegetable steamer ahead of time that is already boiling. Alternatively, use canned San Marzano Tomatoes. Prep all seafood by rinsing, and thawing if frozen. Heat dutch oven or saucepan on low heat for 3 minutes and add olive oil. Saute crushed garlic low heat for about two minutes being careful to not burn or brown excessively. Add tomatoes, fish stock, wine. salt, pepper, and lemon juice to the pot, then simmer for about 10 minutes. Add seafood and simmer for about 5 minutes until just done. Stir in the parsley and basil and serve immediately.
Name:SEAFOOD PIZZA	Recipe:Preheat oven to 450ºF. Transfer dough to pizza pan. Cover bottom with mozzarella cheese. Place evenly crab meat, prawns and scallops on top. Sprinkle vegetable mixture and then ladle Mornay sauce over. Sprinkle parmesan cheese and some hot paprika. Transfer to the preheated oven and bake for 22 minutes or until seafood are cooked. Let it sits for 15 minutes before slicing.
Name:Healthy Seafood Curry	Recipe:Mix together 1/2 teaspoon of garam masala, 1/2 teaspoon of paprika and 1/2 teaspoon of turmeric, then coat the prawns and cod in the mixture. Set aside. Peel and chop the onion, chop the spring onions, mince the garlic and grate the ginger. Heat the ghee in frying pan, then add in the onion, spring onion, garlic and ginger and another ½ teaspoon of each of the spices. Leave to fry over a medium heat until the onion has softened. Pour the can of coconut milk into the frying pan along with the almond butter and stir to combine. Bring to the boil, then reduce to a simmer and leave for 5 minutes. Place the fish, prawns and spinach into the pan and place a lid on the pan. Leave to cook for a further 5 minutes, stirring regularly to break up the cod fillets. Serve with fresh parsley to garnish and your choice of side dishes. We’ve gone for brown rice.
Name:Seafood Paella	Recipe:Cover the shrimp shells with water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer to create a shrimp broth, about 20 minutes. Strain. Heat the oil in a large, heavy-bottomed skillet. Add the shrimp, squid, sofrito, gilthead, langoustines and mussels and cook for 3 minutes. Remove the seafood from the pan and set aside. Stir the rice into the juices from the seafood in the pan and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Pour over the shrimp broth and red sauce and return the seafood to the pan; stir together. Cover and cook until the broth has been absorbed and the rice is cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes.
Name:Seafood Stew With Garlic Rouille Croutons	Recipe:For the seafood stock: Heat the oil in a stockpot over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery, fennel, garlic, leeks and onions and saute for about 5 minutes. Add the ketchup, rosemary, thyme, and the crab and lobster shells and stir. Add the peppercorns and 16 cups (4 liters) water. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 2 hours. Strain the stock into a smaller saucepan. Simmer over medium heat until reduced by two-thirds, about 45 minutes. Stir in the butter and season with salt and pepper. For the roasted leeks and mushrooms: Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the leeks and saute until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook until browned, about 5 minutes more. Add the roasted peppers (along with any of their juices) and a ladle of seafood stock. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm. For the rouille croutons: Soak 2 thick slices bread in the seafood stock. Squeeze out the liquid and add the bread to the food processor along with the garlic, chile and egg yolk. Buzz it up. Slowly add the olive oil while processing until a smooth paste forms. Add a little of the seafood stock if the rouille begins to split. Season with salt and pepper. Toast the remaining 4 to 6 slices bread (one for each serving) in a pan with olive oil over medium-high heat. Set aside. For the seafood stew: Return the seafood stock to a simmer and add the clams. Cook until they start to open, about 5 minutes. Add the mussels and cook until they open, another 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and lobster meat and simmer for 2 minutes. Before serving, add the peas to the leeks-mushroom mixture to warm them up. Spread the rouille on the toasted bread. Divide the leek-mushroom mixture among bowls, top with the crab meat, and then the seafood stew. Drizzle with olive oil. Garnish with a live scallop on the shell and sprinkle with chervil. Serve the rouille croutons on the side. Disclaimer: Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightly-cooked eggs due to the risk of Salmonella or other food-borne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properly-refrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell. For recipes that call for eggs that are raw or undercooked when the dish is served use shell eggs that have been treated to destroy Salmonella, by pasteurization or another approved method.
Name:Paella With Wild Rice, Seafood and Cornish Hen	Recipe:Soak the wild rice in 4 cups cold water for at least 2 hours. It will absorb some of the water and puff up a little bit. To roast the red peppers: Place the red bell peppers directly onto the fire on your gas stove. Or place directly onto your electric burner. Char well for over 15 minutes on all sides. You are looking for a very black exterior. Pop the peppers into a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap to seal in the heat and sweat. In 10 minutes you can peel off the charred skin. If you want you can do this under running cold water, which makes it a little easier. Cut in wide slices and set aside. Peel and finely dice the onion. Slice the sausage into 1/2-inch pieces. To fabricate the Cornish game hen: Remove the carcass from your hen beginning at top of bird along either side of breast bone. Using a sharp knife, work your way down each side of carcass trying to remove as much meat from the bone as possible, to make 2 halves. Leave in the leg and wing bones, but discard the carcass (or save for stock). Then cut the leg and wing pieces off from the breast pieces. To clean the shrimp: Start by holding the shrimp, backside up, and run your knife down the length of its spine. This will expose the vein. To remove the vein you can use your finger, or the tip of your knife to pull it out of the shrimp. To clean the mussels: Scrub the mussels removing any sand and seaweed bits. If mussels are open, test them by pressing the two shells together. If they start to close, then they are still alive and safe to use. If not, discard them. To clean the squid: Grab the head, while holding the end and PULL. Most of the guts will come out in one neat pile. You need to remove the transparent spine (or quill) by running a finger along the inside of the mantle holding it by the tip and pulling. Check the base in case there is a bit of spine left and that can be removed as well. Remove the wings by pulling off and then peel the rest of the skin off, which should come off in one piece. Slice the squid body open, score it on the diagonal (making a shallow incision but not cutting all the way through). Then cut this squid piece into flat triangles, or if you prefer simply cut the squid body into rings. In a large skillet turn a large pan on high heat and drizzle in the oil. Add the hen pieces to the hot pan and sear and brown on all sides, about 8 to 10 minutes. Take the pieces out of the pan and set aside. Add the chorizo or other sausage to the pan. Stir until browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Leave there. In the same pan, continue to build the dish by adding the onions, and saute until golden. Add the turmeric, and smoked paprika, and then add the garlic. Add the wild rice, and stir to coat with all the flavors and allow the grains to toast slightly. Return the seared hen pieces to the pan. Add your warm chicken stock to which you have added the saffron. Reserve about a cup of stock for later. Cover the pan with a lid or tin foil, and let cook, about 40 minutes. Finish by adding the seafood (shrimp, mussels, squid), and the last cup of stock just before the last 10 minutes. Just before serving, add the peas and the reserved roasted red peppers. Cover for a minute and the residual heat will warm both. Ladle up into two personal paella pans.
Name:Shrimp Lo Mein	Recipe:For the noodles: In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook the noodles according to their package directions. Drain and set aside. For the sauce: Combine the bouillon, oyster sauce, soy sauce, sesame oil and Sriracha in a large glass measuring cup or small bowl and set aside. This may look like a lot of sauce, but you have a lot of noodles and veggies to coat! For the lo mein: Heat a wok over high heat. When hot, add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, half the garlic, half the ginger and half the scallions and saute 30 seconds. Add in the shrimp and cook until they just start to turn pink and curl up, about 2 minutes. Transfer the shrimp and aromatics to a plate and reserve. In the same pan, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and add the remaining garlic, ginger and scallions. Saute 30 seconds, and then add in the mushrooms, celery, carrots and cabbage. Saute the veggies until they begin to brown and caramelize, 4 to 5 minutes. Whisk the cornstarch into 2 tablespoons cold water. Once dissolved, add to the sauce. Add the sauce to the pan with the vegetables and bring to a simmer. Toss in the reserved shrimp, aromatics and noodles and serve!
Name:Shrimp Bisque Poutine	Recipe:For the shrimp gravy: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large saucepot over medium-high heat and saute the shrimp until just pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the pot with a slotted spoon to leave all of the shrimpy flavor and reserve. Add the remaining 10 tablespoons butter and the shallots to the same pot and cook until softened, without browning, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix in the tomato paste, cooking 1 minute. Stir in the flour and continue cooking until the flour has cooked out but does not brown, 2 minutes. Deglaze the pot with the sherry, scraping up any flour from the bottom of the pan. Slowly whisk in the hot shrimp stock in stages to avoid lumps. Then add in the heavy cream and thyme and continue simmering until thick and creamy, 15 to 20 minutes. The sauce should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm on the stovetop until ready to use, adding the shrimp back in just before serving. For the fries: Add oil to a Dutch oven and heat to 340 degrees F (temperature will lower when you add the first batch and that's ok). Working in batches, fry the potatoes 2 minutes and transfer to a wire rack on a baking sheet. Let them cool slightly while increasing the temperature of the oil to 375 degrees F. Return the fries to the hot oil and fry until golden brown and crispy, 1 to 2 minutes. (The double fry is the secret to crispy fries.) Transfer to another baking sheet with a wire rack and season with salt and pepper. Plate the fries in a shallow bowl and top with the cheese curds. Pour the shrimp gravy over the top, garnish with thyme and lemon wedges and enjoy!
Name:Sausage, Shrimp and Peppers over Cheesy Grits	Recipe:For the Grits: Bring the chicken stock, the cream and butter to a simmer in a heavy saucepan. Gradually whisk in the grits. Reduce the heat and simmer until the grits have thickened, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally to avoid lumps. Once the grits are thick and creamy, stir in the cheeses and adjust the consistency with stock and/or cream and season with salt and pepper. These grits provide a wonderful bed to soak up the flavor from the sausage, shrimp and veggies. For the Sausage, Shrimp and Pepper Mix: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the sausages and brown. Then transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon, leaving all of the fat in the skillet. Add the garlic, bell peppers and onions to the skillet, sprinkle with salt and pepper and saute until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the shrimp and saute until they begin to turn pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the reserved sausage and the chicken stock to the skillet and let reduce a bit to intensify those flavors. Stir in the butter at the end and garnish with parsley. Serve the sausage mix over the grits.
Name:Grilled Garlic Shrimp With Romesco Sauce	Recipe:In a large mixing bowl, combine the shrimp, olive oil, sugar, pimento, salt, garlic and lemon zest. Let the shrimp marinate for 20 minutes. Preheat a grill pan over high heat. When the grill pan is hot, grill the shrimp until they are just cooked through and turning pink, about 2 minutes per side. Serve immediately with the Romesco Sauce.* (See Cook's Note). Romesco Sauce: In a food processor, process the toasted almonds until ground. Add the roasted red peppers, olive oil, vinegar, cayenne pepper, bread and garlic. Process until the mixture is smooth. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and transfer it to a serving bowl to serve alongside the grilled shrimp. ** (See Cook's Note). Cook's Notes: *The sugar in the marinade helps to caramelize the shrimp. This is a great tip to use when trying to get those char marks on your grilled foods. **If the consistency of the sauce is too thick, try adding more olive oil or vinegar to achieve the consistency you like. Wine suggestion for this recipe: Pinot Grigio.
Name:Brothy Clams and Chorizo	Recipe:In a large high-sided saute pan with a lid, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the chorizo, cooking until it has let off some of its fat and the oil is colored by its spices, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the fennel and onions and cook until softened and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Next, add the garlic, pimenton and crushed red pepper and cook for 1 additional minute. Add the clam juice and white wine and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the clams into the broth. Cover and cook until the clams open up, 5 to 6 minutes. Discard any clams that don't open up. After the clams have opened, add the parsley, butter, lemon zest and juice. Plate the clams with plenty of the liquid and serve with a piece of crusty bread to sop up all the delicious broth!